Following is an example instance for the task: A logical deduction task which requires deducing the order of a sequence of objects. Please come up with 3 new instances for the task.
Example instance:
The following paragraphs each describe a set of five objects arranged in a fixed order. The statements are logically consistent within each paragraph. On a branch, there are five birds: a quail, an owl, a raven, a falcon, and a robin. The owl is the leftmost. The robin is to the left of the raven. The quail is the rightmost. The raven is the third from the left.
Options:
(A) The quail is the rightmost
(B) The owl is the rightmost
(C) The raven is the rightmost
(D) The falcon is the rightmost
(E) The robin is the rightmost

New instance 1:
On a shelf, there are five books: a novel, a biography, a cookbook, a dictionary, and a textbook. The novel is the leftmost. The cookbook is to the left of the dictionary. The biography is the rightmost. The textbook is the third from the left.
Options:
(A) The novel is the rightmost
(B) The biography is the rightmost
(C) The cookbook is the rightmost
(D) The dictionary is the rightmost
(E) The textbook is the rightmost

New instance 2:
On a table, there are five cups: a mug, a teacup, a glass, a tumbler, and a goblet. The mug is the leftmost. The tumbler is to the left of the goblet. The teacup is the rightmost. The glass is the third from the left.
Options:
(A) The mug is the rightmost
(B) The teacup is the rightmost
(C) The glass is the rightmost
(D) The tumbler is the rightmost
(E) The goblet is the rightmost

New instance 3:
On a wall, there are five pictures: a landscape, a portrait, an abstract, a still life, and a seascape. The landscape is the leftmost. The still life is to the left of the seascape. The portrait is the rightmost. The abstract is the third from the left.
Options:
(A) The landscape is the rightmost
(B) The portrait is the rightmost
(C) The abstract is the rightmost
(D) The still life is the rightmost
(E) The seascape is the rightmost