Following is an example instance for the task: A task requiring determining the final positions of a set of objects given their initial positions and a description of a sequence of swaps. Please come up with 3 new , diverse, and creative instances for the task.
Example instance:
Q: Alice, Bob, Claire, Dave, Eve, Fred, and Gertrude are playing a game. At the start of the game, they are each holding a ball: Alice has a orange ball, Bob has a yellow ball, Claire has a brown ball, Dave has a white ball, Eve has a black ball, Fred has a red ball, and Gertrude has a purple ball.
As the game progresses, pairs of players trade balls. First, Claire and Bob swap balls. Then, Claire and Dave swap balls. Then, Fred and Gertrude swap balls. Then, Eve and Claire swap balls. Then, Eve and Fred swap balls. Then, Alice and Dave swap balls. Finally, Eve and Claire swap balls. At the end of the game, Eve has the
Options:
(A) orange ball
(B) yellow ball
(C) brown ball
(D) white ball
(E) black ball
(F) red ball
(G) purple ball

New instance 1:
Q: Seven friends are playing a game. At the start of the game, they are each holding a card: Alex has a spade, Ben has a heart, Charlie has a club, David has a diamond, Emma has a joker, Frank has a queen, and George has a king.
As the game progresses, pairs of players trade cards. First, Alex and Ben swap cards. Then, Charlie and David swap cards. Then, Emma and Frank swap cards. Then, Emma and George swap cards. Then, Alex and David swap cards. Finally, Emma and Frank swap cards. At the end of the game, Emma has the
Options:
(A) spade
(B) heart
(C) club
(D) diamond
(E) joker
(F) queen
(G) king

New instance 2:
Q: Seven students are playing a game. At the start of the game, they are each holding a toy: Amy has a teddy bear, Brian has a car, Chris has a doll, Daniel has a truck, Emily has a train, Fred has a plane, and Grace has a boat.
As the game progresses, pairs of students trade toys. First, Amy and Brian swap toys. Then, Chris and Daniel swap toys. Then, Emily and Fred swap toys. Then, Emily and Grace swap toys. Then, Amy and Daniel swap toys. Finally, Emily and Fred swap toys. At the end of the game, Emily has the
Options:
(A) teddy bear
(B) car
(C) doll
(D) truck
(E) train
(F) plane
(G) boat

New instance 3:
Q: Seven siblings are playing a game. At the start of the game, they are each holding a snack: Anna has a cookie, Brad has a pretzel, Carl has a cracker, Diane has a popcorn, Eric has a candy, Fiona has a chips, and Gary has a fruit.
As the game progresses, pairs of siblings trade snacks. First, Anna and Brad swap snacks. Then, Carl and Diane swap snacks. Then, Eric and Fiona swap snacks. Then, Eric and Gary swap snacks. Then, Anna and Diane swap snacks. Finally, Eric and Fiona swap snacks. At the end of the game, Eric has the
Options:
(A) cookie
(B) pretzel
(C) cracker
(D) popcorn
(E) candy
(F) chips
(G) fruit