Following is an example instance for the task: A task requiring determining the final positions of a set of objects given their initial positions and a description of a sequence of swaps. Please come up with 3 new , diverse, and creative instances for the task.
Example instance:
Q: Alice, Bob, Claire, Dave, Eve, Fred, and Gertrude are dancers at a square dance. At the start of a song, they each have a partner: Alice is dancing with Sam, Bob is dancing with Rodrigo, Claire is dancing with Jamie, Dave is dancing with Lola, Eve is dancing with Helga, Fred is dancing with Melissa, and Gertrude is dancing with Ophelia.
Throughout the song, the dancers often trade partners. First, Bob and Dave switch partners. Then, Dave and Claire switch partners. Then, Claire and Eve switch partners. Then, Alice and Gertrude switch partners. Then, Alice and Bob switch partners. Then, Bob and Fred switch partners. Finally, Fred and Eve switch partners. At the end of the dance, Dave is dancing with
Options:
(A) Sam
(B) Rodrigo
(C) Jamie
(D) Lola
(E) Helga
(F) Melissa
(G) Ophelia

New instance 1:
Q: The students in Mrs. Smith's class are playing a game of musical chairs. At the start of the game, there are 8 students: Alex, Ben, Charlie, David, Emma, Fiona, George, and Henry. Throughout the game, the students often switch chairs. First, Alex and Ben switch chairs. Then, Ben and Charlie switch chairs. Then, Charlie and David switch chairs. Then, David and Emma switch chairs. Then, Emma and Fiona switch chairs. Then, Fiona and George switch chairs. Finally, George and Henry switch chairs. At the end of the game, Alex is sitting in which chair?

Options:
(A) Ben's chair
(B) Charlie's chair
(C) David's chair
(D) Emma's chair
(E) Fiona's chair
(F) George's chair
(G) Henry's chair

New instance 2:
Q: The members of the soccer team are playing a game of hot potato. At the start of the game, there are 7 players: Adam, Brad, Carl, Dan, Eric, Frank, and Greg. Throughout the game, the players often pass the potato to each other. First, Adam and Brad pass the potato. Then, Brad and Carl pass the potato. Then, Carl and Dan pass the potato. Then, Dan and Eric pass the potato. Then, Eric and Frank pass the potato. Then, Frank and Greg pass the potato. Finally, Greg and Adam pass the potato. At the end of the game, who is holding the potato?

Options:
(A) Adam
(B) Brad
(C) Carl
(D) Dan
(E) Eric
(F) Frank
(G) Greg

New instance 3:
Q: The members of the basketball team are playing a game of tag. At the start of the game, there are 6 players: Amy, Bill, Chris, Doug, Ed, and Fred. Throughout the game, the players often switch who is "it". First, Amy and Bill switch who is "it". Then, Bill and Chris switch who is "it". Then, Chris and Doug switch who is "it". Then, Doug and Ed switch who is "it". Then, Ed and Fred switch who is "it". Finally, Fred and Amy switch who is "it". At the end of the game, who is "it"?

Options:
(A) Amy
(B) Bill
(C) Chris
(D) Doug
(E) Ed
(F) Fred