Following is an example instance for the task: A task requiring determining the final positions of a set of objects given their initial positions and a description of a sequence of swaps. Please come up with 3 new , diverse, and creative instances for the task.
Example instance:
Q: Alice, Bob, Claire, Dave, Eve, Fred, and Gertrude are friends and avid readers who occasionally trade books. At the start of the semester, they each buy one new book: Alice gets Ulysses, Bob gets Frankenstein, Claire gets Moby Dick, Dave gets The Odyssey, Eve gets The Great Gatsby, Fred gets Lolita, and Gertrude gets The Pearl.
As the semester proceeds, they start trading around the new books. First, Bob and Claire swap books. Then, Eve and Alice swap books. Then, Alice and Dave swap books. Then, Gertrude and Dave swap books. Then, Alice and Bob swap books. Then, Eve and Claire swap books. Finally, Alice and Fred swap books. At the end of the semester, Gertrude has
Options:
(A) Ulysses
(B) Frankenstein
(C) Moby Dick
(D) The Odyssey
(E) The Great Gatsby
(F) Lolita
(G) The Pearl

New instance 1:
Q: Seven friends, Alex, Ben, Charlie, David, Emma, Frank, and George, are all avid board game players. At the start of the summer, they each buy one new game: Alex gets Monopoly, Ben gets Scrabble, Charlie gets Risk, David gets Clue, Emma gets Chess, Frank gets Checkers, and George gets Go.
As the summer progresses, they start trading around the new games. First, Ben and Charlie swap games. Then, Emma and Alex swap games. Then, Alex and David swap games. Then, George and David swap games. Then, Alex and Ben swap games. Then, Emma and Charlie swap games. Finally, Alex and Frank swap games. At the end of the summer, George has
Options:
(A) Monopoly
(B) Scrabble
(C) Risk
(D) Clue
(E) Chess
(F) Checkers
(G) Go

New instance 2:
Q: Seven friends, Jack, Kelly, Larry, Mary, Nick, Olivia, and Paul, are all avid movie watchers. At the start of the weekend, they each rent one new movie: Jack gets The Godfather, Kelly gets The Shawshank Redemption, Larry gets The Dark Knight, Mary gets The Matrix, Nick gets Inception, Olivia gets The Silence of the Lambs, and Paul gets The Lord of the Rings.
As the weekend progresses, they start trading around the new movies. First, Kelly and Larry swap movies. Then, Olivia and Jack swap movies. Then, Jack and Mary swap movies. Then, Paul and Mary swap movies. Then, Jack and Kelly swap movies. Then, Olivia and Larry swap movies. Finally, Jack and Nick swap movies. At the end of the weekend, Paul has
Options:
(A) The Godfather
(B) The Shawshank Redemption
(C) The Dark Knight
(D) The Matrix
(E) Inception
(F) The Silence of the Lambs
(G) The Lord of the Rings

New instance 3:
Q: Seven friends, Rachel, Sam, Tom, Ursula, Victor, Wendy, and Xavier, are all avid video game players. At the start of the month, they each buy one new game: Rachel gets Super Mario Bros., Sam gets The Legend of Zelda, Tom gets Halo, Ursula gets Grand Theft Auto, Victor gets Call of Duty, Wendy gets Minecraft, and Xavier gets Fortnite.
As the month progresses, they start trading around the new games. First, Sam and Tom swap games. Then, Ursula and Rachel swap games. Then, Rachel and Victor swap games. Then, Xavier and Victor swap games. Then, Rachel and Sam swap games. Then, Ursula and Tom swap games. Finally, Rachel and Wendy swap games. At the end of the month, Xavier has
Options:
(A) Super Mario Bros.
(B) The Legend of Zelda
(C) Halo
(D) Grand Theft Auto
(E) Call of Duty
(F) Minecraft
(G) Fortnite