Following is an example instance for the task: A task requiring determining the final positions of a set of objects given their initial positions and a description of a sequence of swaps. Please come up with 3 new , diverse, and creative instances for the task.
Example instance:
Q: Alice, Bob, Claire, Dave, Eve, Fred, and Gertrude are playing a game. At the start of the game, they are each holding a ball: Alice has a pink ball, Bob has a white ball, Claire has a brown ball, Dave has a blue ball, Eve has a yellow ball, Fred has a black ball, and Gertrude has a purple ball.
As the game progresses, pairs of players trade balls. First, Fred and Gertrude swap balls. Then, Gertrude and Bob swap balls. Then, Fred and Claire swap balls. Then, Claire and Dave swap balls. Then, Claire and Eve swap balls. Then, Alice and Bob swap balls. Finally, Claire and Eve swap balls. At the end of the game, Eve has the
Options:
(A) pink ball
(B) white ball
(C) brown ball
(D) blue ball
(E) yellow ball
(F) black ball
(G) purple ball

New instance 1:
Q: Seven friends are playing a game. At the start of the game, they are each holding a card: Alex has a red card, Ben has a green card, Charlie has an orange card, David has a blue card, Emma has a yellow card, Frank has a black card, and George has a purple card.
As the game progresses, pairs of players trade cards. First, Alex and Ben swap cards. Then, Ben and Charlie swap cards. Then, Charlie and David swap cards. Then, David and Emma swap cards. Then, Emma and Frank swap cards. Then, Frank and George swap cards. Finally, Alex and Ben swap cards again. At the end of the game, George has the
Options:
(A) red card
(B) green card
(C) orange card
(D) blue card
(E) yellow card
(F) black card
(G) purple card

New instance 2:
Q: Seven students are playing a game. At the start of the game, they are each holding a toy: Amy has a red toy, Brian has a green toy, Carl has an orange toy, Daniel has a blue toy, Emily has a yellow toy, Fred has a black toy, and Grace has a purple toy.
As the game progresses, pairs of students trade toys. First, Amy and Brian swap toys. Then, Brian and Carl swap toys. Then, Carl and Daniel swap toys. Then, Daniel and Emily swap toys. Then, Emily and Fred swap toys. Then, Fred and Grace swap toys. Finally, Amy and Brian swap toys again. At the end of the game, Grace has the
Options:
(A) red toy
(B) green toy
(C) orange toy
(D) blue toy
(E) yellow toy
(F) black toy
(G) purple toy

New instance 3:
Q: Seven siblings are playing a game. At the start of the game, they are each holding a coin: Andrew has a copper coin, Beth has a silver coin, Charlie has a gold coin, David has a nickel coin, Emma has a bronze coin, Frank has a steel coin, and George has a platinum coin.
As the game progresses, pairs of siblings trade coins. First, Andrew and Beth swap coins. Then, Beth and Charlie swap coins. Then, Charlie and David swap coins. Then, David and Emma swap coins. Then, Emma and Frank swap coins. Then, Frank and George swap coins. Finally, Andrew and Beth swap coins again. At the end of the game, George has the
Options:
(A) copper coin
(B) silver coin
(C) gold coin
(D) nickel coin
(E) bronze coin
(F) steel coin
(G) platinum coin