Following is an example instance for the task: A task requiring determining the final positions of a set of objects given their initial positions and a description of a sequence of swaps. Please come up with 3 new , diverse, and creative instances for the task.
Example instance:
Q: Alice, Bob, Claire, Dave, Eve, Fred, and Gertrude are holding a white elephant gift exchange. At the start of the event, they are each holding a present of a different color: Alice has a green present, Bob has a red present, Claire has a white present, Dave has a blue present, Eve has a yellow present, Fred has a black ball, and Gertrude has a purple present.
As the event progresses, pairs of people swap gifts. First, Bob and Alice swap their gifts. Then, Dave and Alice swap their gifts. Then, Gertrude and Claire swap their gifts. Then, Dave and Claire swap their gifts. Then, Alice and Eve swap their gifts. Then, Gertrude and Claire swap their gifts. Finally, Fred and Bob swap their gifts. At the end of the event, Alice has the
Options:
(A) green present
(B) red present
(C) white present
(D) blue present
(E) yellow present
(F) black ball
(G) purple present

New instance 1:
Q: Seven students are playing a game of musical chairs. At the start of the game, each student is sitting in a chair of a different color: Student A is sitting in a red chair, Student B is sitting in a blue chair, Student C is sitting in a green chair, Student D is sitting in a yellow chair, Student E is sitting in a purple chair, Student F is sitting in an orange chair, and Student G is sitting in a black chair.
As the game progresses, pairs of students swap chairs. First, Student A and Student B swap chairs. Then, Student C and Student D swap chairs. Then, Student E and Student F swap chairs. Then, Student A and Student C swap chairs. Then, Student D and Student G swap chairs. Then, Student B and Student F swap chairs. Finally, Student E and Student G swap chairs. At the end of the game, Student A is sitting in a 
Options:
(A) red chair
(B) blue chair
(C) green chair
(D) yellow chair
(E) purple chair
(F) orange chair
(G) black chair

New instance 2:
Q: Seven friends are playing a game of rock-paper-scissors. At the start of the game, each friend is holding a different item: Friend A is holding a rock, Friend B is holding a paper, Friend C is holding a pair of scissors, Friend D is holding a pencil, Friend E is holding a rubber band, Friend F is holding a coin, and Friend G is holding a marble.
As the game progresses, pairs of friends swap items. First, Friend A and Friend B swap items. Then, Friend C and Friend D swap items. Then, Friend E and Friend F swap items. Then, Friend A and Friend C swap items. Then, Friend D and Friend G swap items. Then, Friend B and Friend F swap items. Finally, Friend E and Friend G swap items. At the end of the game, Friend A is holding a 
Options:
(A) rock
(B) paper
(C) pair of scissors
(D) pencil
(E) rubber band
(F) coin
(G) marble

New instance 3:
Q: Seven children are playing a game of tag. At the start of the game, each child is wearing a different colored shirt: Child A is wearing a red shirt, Child B is wearing a blue shirt, Child C is wearing a green shirt, Child D is wearing a yellow shirt, Child E is wearing a purple shirt, Child F is wearing an orange shirt, and Child G is wearing a black shirt.
As the game progresses, pairs of children swap shirts. First, Child A and Child B swap shirts. Then, Child C and Child D swap shirts. Then, Child E and Child F swap shirts. Then, Child A and Child C swap shirts. Then, Child D and Child G swap shirts. Then, Child B and Child F swap shirts. Finally, Child E and Child G swap shirts. At the end of the game, Child A is wearing a 
Options:
(A) red shirt
(B) blue shirt
(C) green shirt
(D) yellow shirt
(E) purple shirt
(F) orange shirt
(G) black shirt