Task description: A task requiring determining the final positions of a set of objects given their initial positions and a description of a sequence of swaps.

Q: Three friends, John, Sarah, and David, are playing a game of rock-paper-scissors. At the start of the game, each player has a different colored token: John has a blue token, Sarah has a green token, and David has a yellow token.
As the game progresses, pairs of players swap tokens. First, John and Sarah swap their tokens. Then, David and John swap their tokens. Finally, Sarah and David swap their tokens. At the end of the game, John has the
Options:
(A) blue token
(B) green token
(C) yellow token
A: (A)

Q: Three siblings, Jack, Jill, and Sam, are playing a game of hide-and-seek. At the start of the game, each player has a different colored hat: Jack has a red hat, Jill has a blue hat, and Sam has a yellow hat.
As the game progresses, pairs of players swap hats. First, Jack and Jill swap their hats. Then, Sam and Jack swap their hats. Finally, Jill and Sam swap their hats. At the end of the game, Jack has the
Options:
(A) red hat
(B) blue hat
(C) yellow hat
A: (B)

Q: Three students, Alex, Emma, and Ryan, are playing a game of tag. At the start of the game, each player has a different colored shirt: Alex has a purple shirt, Emma has an orange shirt, and Ryan has a black shirt.
As the game progresses, pairs of players swap shirts. First, Alex and Emma swap their shirts. Then, Ryan and Alex swap their shirts. Finally, Emma and Ryan swap their shirts. At the end of the game, Alex has the
Options:
(A) purple shirt
(B) orange shirt
(C) black shirt
A: (B)

Q: Alice, Bob, and Claire are holding a white elephant gift exchange. At the start of the event, they are each holding a present of a different color: Alice has a red present, Bob has a black ball, and Claire has a white present.
As the event progresses, pairs of people swap gifts. First, Bob and Alice swap their gifts. Then, Claire and Bob swap their gifts. Finally, Alice and Claire swap their gifts. At the end of the event, Bob has the
Options:
(A) red present
(B) black ball
(C) white present
A: (C)