Task description: A task requiring determining the final positions of a set of objects given their initial positions and a description of a sequence of swaps.

Q: Three friends, David, Emma, and Frank, are playing a game of rock-paper-scissors. At the start of the game, each player has a different colored token: David has a blue token, Emma has a green token, and Frank has a yellow token.
As the game progresses, pairs of players swap tokens. First, David and Emma swap their tokens. Then, Emma and Frank swap their tokens. Finally, David and Frank swap their tokens. At the end of the game, David has the
Options:
(A) blue token
(B) green token
(C) yellow token
A: (A)

Q: Three siblings, Jack, Kate, and Lucy, are playing a game of hide-and-seek. At the start of the game, each player has a different colored hat: Jack has a red hat, Kate has a blue hat, and Lucy has a yellow hat.
As the game progresses, pairs of players swap hats. First, Jack and Kate swap their hats. Then, Kate and Lucy swap their hats. Finally, Jack and Lucy swap their hats. At the end of the game, Jack has the
Options:
(A) red hat
(B) blue hat
(C) yellow hat
A: (A)

Q: Three students, Mike, Nancy, and Owen, are playing a game of tag. At the start of the game, each player has a different colored shirt: Mike has a purple shirt, Nancy has a black shirt, and Owen has a white shirt.
As the game progresses, pairs of players swap shirts. First, Mike and Nancy swap their shirts. Then, Nancy and Owen swap their shirts. Finally, Mike and Owen swap their shirts. At the end of the game, Mike has the
Options:
(A) purple shirt
(B) black shirt
(C) white shirt
A: (C)

Q: Alice, Bob, and Claire are holding a white elephant gift exchange. At the start of the event, they are each holding a present of a different color: Alice has a pink ball, Bob has a orange ball, and Claire has a white present.
As the event progresses, pairs of people swap gifts. First, Bob and Claire swap their gifts. Then, Alice and Claire swap their gifts. Finally, Bob and Claire swap their gifts. At the end of the event, Bob has the
Options:
(A) pink ball
(B) orange ball
(C) white present
A: (B)