Task description: A logical deduction task which requires deducing the order of a sequence of objects.

Q: On a shelf, there are seven cups: a red cup, a white cup, a black cup, a yellow cup, an orange cup, a blue cup, and a green cup. The yellow cup is the rightmost. The blue cup is to the left of the orange cup. The green cup is to the right of the white cup. The blue cup is to the right of the green cup. The black cup is the fourth from the left. The red cup is the third from the right.
Options:
(A) The red cup is the fourth from the left
(B) The white cup is the fourth from the left
(C) The black cup is the fourth from the left
(D) The yellow cup is the fourth from the left
(E) The orange cup is the fourth from the left
(F) The blue cup is the fourth from the left
(G) The green cup is the fourth from the left
A: (C)

Q: On a shelf, there are seven toys: a red toy, a white toy, a black toy, a yellow toy, an orange toy, a blue toy, and a green toy. The yellow toy is the rightmost. The blue toy is to the left of the orange toy. The green toy is to the right of the white toy. The blue toy is to the right of the green toy. The black toy is the fourth from the left. The red toy is the third from the right.
Options:
(A) The red toy is the fourth from the left
(B) The white toy is the fourth from the left
(C) The black toy is the fourth from the left
(D) The yellow toy is the fourth from the left
(E) The orange toy is the fourth from the left
(F) The blue toy is the fourth from the left
(G) The green toy is the fourth from the left
A: (C)

Q: On a shelf, there are seven tools: a red tool, a white tool, a black tool, a yellow tool, an orange tool, a blue tool, and a green tool. The yellow tool is the rightmost. The blue tool is to the left of the orange tool. The green tool is to the right of the white tool. The blue tool is to the right of the green tool. The black tool is the fourth from the left. The red tool is the third from the right.
Options:
(A) The red tool is the fourth from the left
(B) The white tool is the fourth from the left
(C) The black tool is the fourth from the left
(D) The yellow tool is the fourth from the left
(E) The orange tool is the fourth from the left
(F) The blue tool is the fourth from the left
(G) The green tool is the fourth from the left
A: (C)

Q: The following paragraphs each describe a set of seven objects arranged in a fixed order. The statements are logically consistent within each paragraph. On a shelf, there are seven books: a brown book, a white book, a black book, a yellow book, an orange book, a blue book, and a green book. The yellow book is the rightmost. The blue book is to the left of the orange book. The green book is to the right of the white book. The blue book is to the right of the green book. The black book is the fourth from the left. The brown book is the third from the right.
Options:
(A) The brown book is the fourth from the left
(B) The white book is the fourth from the left
(C) The black book is the fourth from the left
(D) The yellow book is the fourth from the left
(E) The orange book is the fourth from the left
(F) The blue book is the fourth from the left
(G) The green book is the fourth from the left
A: (C)