Task description: A logical deduction task which requires deducing the order of a sequence of objects.

Q: On a shelf, there are seven cups: a red cup, a blue cup, a white cup, a black cup, a green cup, a yellow cup, and a purple cup. The yellow cup is to the left of the purple cup. The red cup is to the left of the white cup. The blue cup is to the right of the yellow cup. The white cup is the fourth from the left. The red cup is to the right of the green cup. The black cup is the second from the left.
Options:
(A) The red cup is the leftmost
(B) The blue cup is the leftmost
(C) The white cup is the leftmost
(D) The black cup is the leftmost
(E) The green cup is the leftmost
(F) The yellow cup is the leftmost
(G) The purple cup is the leftmost
A: (F)

Q: On a shelf, there are seven animals: a lion, a tiger, a bear, a wolf, a fox, a deer, and a rabbit. The deer is to the left of the rabbit. The lion is to the left of the bear. The tiger is to the right of the deer. The bear is the fourth from the left. The lion is to the right of the fox. The wolf is the second from the left.
Options:
(A) The lion is the leftmost
(B) The tiger is the leftmost
(C) The bear is the leftmost
(D) The wolf is the leftmost
(E) The fox is the leftmost
(F) The deer is the leftmost
(G) The rabbit is the leftmost
A: (F)

Q: On a shelf, there are seven fruits: an apple, a banana, a pear, a peach, an orange, a grape, and a strawberry. The grape is to the left of the strawberry. The apple is to the left of the pear. The banana is to the right of the grape. The pear is the fourth from the left. The apple is to the right of the orange. The peach is the second from the left.
Options:
(A) The apple is the leftmost
(B) The banana is the leftmost
(C) The pear is the leftmost
(D) The peach is the leftmost
(E) The orange is the leftmost
(F) The grape is the leftmost
(G) The strawberry is the leftmost
A: (F)

Q: The following paragraphs each describe a set of seven objects arranged in a fixed order. The statements are logically consistent within each paragraph. On a shelf, there are seven books: a green book, a brown book, a white book, a black book, an orange book, a purple book, and a yellow book. The purple book is to the left of the yellow book. The green book is to the left of the white book. The brown book is to the right of the yellow book. The white book is the fourth from the left. The green book is to the right of the orange book. The black book is the second from the left.
Options:
(A) The green book is the leftmost
(B) The brown book is the leftmost
(C) The white book is the leftmost
(D) The black book is the leftmost
(E) The orange book is the leftmost
(F) The purple book is the leftmost
(G) The yellow book is the leftmost
A: (F)