Task description: A logical deduction task which requires deducing the order of a sequence of objects.

Q: On a shelf, there are seven books: a novel, a biography, a cookbook, a dictionary, a textbook, a comic book, and a magazine. The comic book is the second from the left. The novel is the leftmost. The dictionary is to the right of the biography. The textbook is to the right of the cookbook. The dictionary is to the left of the magazine. The textbook is the fourth from the right.
Options:
(A) The novel is the third from the left
(B) The biography is the third from the left
(C) The cookbook is the third from the left
(D) The dictionary is the third from the left
(E) The textbook is the third from the left
(F) The comic book is the third from the left
(G) The magazine is the third from the left
A: (B)

Q: On a table, there are seven items: a cup, a plate, a bowl, a fork, a knife, a spoon, and a napkin. The spoon is the second from the right. The cup is the rightmost. The fork is to the left of the plate. The knife is to the left of the bowl. The fork is to the right of the napkin. The knife is the fourth from the left.
Options:
(A) The cup is the third from the right
(B) The plate is the third from the right
(C) The bowl is the third from the right
(D) The fork is the third from the right
(E) The knife is the third from the right
(F) The spoon is the third from the right
(G) The napkin is the third from the right
A: (B)

Q: On a shelf, there are seven jars: a honey jar, a jam jar, a peanut butter jar, a pickle jar, an olive jar, a mustard jar, and a ketchup jar. The mustard jar is the second from the left. The honey jar is the leftmost. The peanut butter jar is to the right of the jam jar. The olive jar is to the right of the pickle jar. The peanut butter jar is to the left of the ketchup jar. The olive jar is the fourth from the right.
Options:
(A) The honey jar is the third from the left
(B) The jam jar is the third from the left
(C) The peanut butter jar is the third from the left
(D) The pickle jar is the third from the left
(E) The olive jar is the third from the left
(F) The mustard jar is the third from the left
(G) The ketchup jar is the third from the left
A: (B)

Q: The following paragraphs each describe a set of seven objects arranged in a fixed order. The statements are logically consistent within each paragraph. On a branch, there are seven birds: a hawk, a hummingbird, a quail, an owl, a crow, a robin, and a cardinal. The cardinal is the second from the right. The hawk is the rightmost. The owl is to the left of the hummingbird. The robin is to the left of the quail. The owl is to the right of the crow. The robin is the fourth from the left.
Options:
(A) The hawk is the third from the right
(B) The hummingbird is the third from the right
(C) The quail is the third from the right
(D) The owl is the third from the right
(E) The crow is the third from the right
(F) The robin is the third from the right
(G) The cardinal is the third from the right
A: (B)