Task description: A logical deduction task which requires deducing the order of a sequence of objects.

Q: On a shelf, there are seven books: a novel, a cookbook, a biography, a dictionary, a textbook, a magazine, and a comic book. The cookbook is the second from the left. The comic book is the rightmost. The dictionary is to the right of the novel. The textbook is to the right of the dictionary. The novel is to the right of the biography. The magazine is to the left of the cookbook.
Options:
(A) The novel is the fourth from the left
(B) The biography is the fourth from the left
(C) The cookbook is the fourth from the left
(D) The dictionary is the fourth from the left
(E) The textbook is the fourth from the left
(F) The magazine is the fourth from the left
(G) The comic book is the fourth from the left
A: (B)

Q: On a table, there are seven items: a cup, a plate, a bowl, a fork, a knife, a spoon, and a napkin. The plate is the second from the left. The napkin is the rightmost. The fork is to the right of the cup. The knife is to the right of the fork. The cup is to the right of the bowl. The spoon is to the left of the plate.
Options:
(A) The cup is the fourth from the left
(B) The bowl is the fourth from the left
(C) The plate is the fourth from the left
(D) The fork is the fourth from the left
(E) The knife is the fourth from the left
(F) The spoon is the fourth from the left
(G) The napkin is the fourth from the left
A: (B)

Q: On a wall, there are seven pictures: a landscape, a portrait, a still life, a seascape, an abstract, a cityscape, and a nature scene. The portrait is the second from the left. The nature scene is the rightmost. The seascape is to the right of the landscape. The abstract is to the right of the seascape. The landscape is to the right of the portrait. The cityscape is to the left of the portrait.
Options:
(A) The landscape is the fourth from the left
(B) The portrait is the fourth from the left
(C) The still life is the fourth from the left
(D) The seascape is the fourth from the left
(E) The abstract is the fourth from the left
(F) The cityscape is the fourth from the left
(G) The nature scene is the fourth from the left
A: (B)

Q: The following paragraphs each describe a set of seven objects arranged in a fixed order. The statements are logically consistent within each paragraph. On a branch, there are seven birds: a blue jay, an owl, a falcon, a hawk, a raven, a crow, and a hummingbird. The falcon is the second from the left. The crow is the rightmost. The hummingbird is to the right of the blue jay. The hawk is to the right of the hummingbird. The blue jay is to the right of the owl. The raven is to the left of the falcon.
Options:
(A) The blue jay is the fourth from the left
(B) The owl is the fourth from the left
(C) The falcon is the fourth from the left
(D) The hawk is the fourth from the left
(E) The raven is the fourth from the left
(F) The crow is the fourth from the left
(G) The hummingbird is the fourth from the left
A: (B)