Task description: A logical deduction task which requires deducing the order of a sequence of objects.

Q: In a pet store, there are seven animals: a parrot, a hamster, a rabbit, a turtle, a guinea pig, a cat, and a dog. The guinea pig is older than the rabbit. The turtle is older than the cat. The parrot is older than the guinea pig. The dog is the second-newest. The hamster is the oldest. The rabbit is older than the parrot.
Options:
(A) The parrot is the newest
(B) The hamster is the newest
(C) The rabbit is the newest
(D) The turtle is the newest
(E) The guinea pig is the newest
(F) The cat is the newest
(G) The dog is the newest
A: (G)

Q: In a museum, there are seven artifacts: a vase, a painting, a sculpture, a tapestry, a mask, a pottery, and a jewelry. The tapestry is older than the painting. The sculpture is older than the mask. The vase is older than the tapestry. The jewelry is the second-newest. The pottery is the oldest. The painting is older than the vase.
Options:
(A) The vase is the newest
(B) The tapestry is the newest
(C) The painting is the newest
(D) The sculpture is the newest
(E) The mask is the newest
(F) The pottery is the newest
(G) The jewelry is the newest
A: (F)

Q: In a toy store, there are seven toys: a doll, a stuffed animal, a car, a board game, a puzzle, a train set, and a robot. The puzzle is older than the stuffed animal. The car is older than the train set. The doll is older than the puzzle. The robot is the second-newest. The board game is the oldest. The stuffed animal is older than the doll.
Options:
(A) The doll is the newest
(B) The puzzle is the newest
(C) The stuffed animal is the newest
(D) The car is the newest
(E) The train set is the newest
(F) The board game is the newest
(G) The robot is the newest
A: (G)

Q: The following paragraphs each describe a set of seven objects arranged in a fixed order. The statements are logically consistent within each paragraph. In an antique car show, there are seven vehicles: a station wagon, a limousine, a truck, a minivan, a motorcyle, a hatchback, and a bus. The motorcyle is older than the truck. The station wagon is older than the hatchback. The motorcyle is newer than the hatchback. The bus is the second-newest. The minivan is the oldest. The limousine is older than the station wagon.
Options:
(A) The station wagon is the newest
(B) The limousine is the newest
(C) The truck is the newest
(D) The minivan is the newest
(E) The motorcyle is the newest
(F) The hatchback is the newest
(G) The bus is the newest
A: (G)