Task description: A logical deduction task which requires deducing the order of a sequence of objects.

Q: A toy store sells seven stuffed animals: bears, cats, dogs, elephants, giraffes, monkeys, and tigers. The cats are the third-cheapest. The bears are the second-most expensive. The cats are more expensive than the dogs. The tigers are less expensive than the bears. The elephants are the third-most expensive. The monkeys are the second-cheapest.
Options:
(A) The bears are the fourth-most expensive
(B) The cats are the fourth-most expensive
(C) The dogs are the fourth-most expensive
(D) The elephants are the fourth-most expensive
(E) The giraffes are the fourth-most expensive
(F) The monkeys are the fourth-most expensive
(G) The tigers are the fourth-most expensive
A: (G)

Q: A clothing store sells seven types of shoes: sandals, sneakers, boots, flip-flops, loafers, mules, and pumps. The sneakers are the third-cheapest. The sandals are the second-most expensive. The sneakers are more expensive than the boots. The pumps are less expensive than the sandals. The flip-flops are the third-most expensive. The loafers are the second-cheapest.
Options:
(A) The sandals are the fourth-most expensive
(B) The sneakers are the fourth-most expensive
(C) The boots are the fourth-most expensive
(D) The flip-flops are the fourth-most expensive
(E) The loafers are the fourth-most expensive
(F) The mules are the fourth-most expensive
(G) The pumps are the fourth-most expensive
A: (G)

Q: A bakery sells seven types of pastries: croissants, donuts, muffins, pies, tarts, turnovers, and cupcakes. The donuts are the third-cheapest. The croissants are the second-most expensive. The donuts are more expensive than the muffins. The cupcakes are less expensive than the croissants. The pies are the third-most expensive. The tarts are the second-cheapest.
Options:
(A) The croissants are the fourth-most expensive
(B) The donuts are the fourth-most expensive
(C) The muffins are the fourth-most expensive
(D) The pies are the fourth-most expensive
(E) The tarts are the fourth-most expensive
(F) The turnovers are the fourth-most expensive
(G) The cupcakes are the fourth-most expensive
A: (B)

Q: The following paragraphs each describe a set of seven objects arranged in a fixed order. The statements are logically consistent within each paragraph. A fruit stand sells seven fruits: kiwis, plums, mangoes, watermelons, pears, peaches, and oranges. The pears are the third-cheapest. The kiwis are the second-most expensive. The pears are more expensive than the plums. The oranges are less expensive than the kiwis. The mangoes are the third-most expensive. The peaches are the second-cheapest.
Options:
(A) The kiwis are the fourth-most expensive
(B) The plums are the fourth-most expensive
(C) The mangoes are the fourth-most expensive
(D) The watermelons are the fourth-most expensive
(E) The pears are the fourth-most expensive
(F) The peaches are the fourth-most expensive
(G) The oranges are the fourth-most expensive
A: (G)