Task description: A logical deduction task which requires deducing the order of a sequence of objects.

Q: On a shelf, there are seven toys: a red toy, a purple toy, a green toy, a white toy, an orange toy, a blue toy, and a gray toy. The green toy is to the left of the white toy. The red toy is to the left of the purple toy. The red toy is to the right of the orange toy. The gray toy is the second from the left. The purple toy is to the left of the green toy. The blue toy is the fourth from the left.
Options:
(A) The red toy is the third from the left
(B) The purple toy is the third from the left
(C) The green toy is the third from the left
(D) The white toy is the third from the left
(E) The orange toy is the third from the left
(F) The blue toy is the third from the left
(G) The gray toy is the third from the left
A: (B)

Q: On a shelf, there are seven pieces of fruit: a red apple, a purple grape, a green kiwi, a white banana, an orange tangerine, a blueberry, and a gray plum. The green kiwi is to the left of the white banana. The red apple is to the left of the purple grape. The red apple is to the right of the orange tangerine. The gray plum is the second from the left. The purple grape is to the left of the green kiwi. The blueberry is the fourth from the left.
Options:
(A) The red apple is the third from the left
(B) The purple grape is the third from the left
(C) The green kiwi is the third from the left
(D) The white banana is the third from the left
(E) The orange tangerine is the third from the left
(F) The blueberry is the third from the left
(G) The gray plum is the third from the left
A: (B)

Q: On a shelf, there are seven pieces of jewelry: a red necklace, a purple bracelet, a green ring, a white earring, an orange anklet, a blue pendant, and a gray brooch. The green ring is to the left of the white earring. The red necklace is to the left of the purple bracelet. The red necklace is to the right of the orange anklet. The gray brooch is the second from the left. The purple bracelet is to the left of the green ring. The blue pendant is the fourth from the left.
Options:
(A) The red necklace is the third from the left
(B) The purple bracelet is the third from the left
(C) The green ring is the third from the left
(D) The white earring is the third from the left
(E) The orange anklet is the third from the left
(F) The blue pendant is the third from the left
(G) The gray brooch is the third from the left
A: (B)

Q: The following paragraphs each describe a set of seven objects arranged in a fixed order. The statements are logically consistent within each paragraph. On a shelf, there are seven books: a red book, a purple book, a green book, a white book, an orange book, a blue book, and a gray book. The green book is to the left of the white book. The red book is to the left of the purple book. The red book is to the right of the orange book. The gray book is the second from the left. The purple book is to the left of the green book. The blue book is the fourth from the left.
Options:
(A) The red book is the third from the left
(B) The purple book is the third from the left
(C) The green book is the third from the left
(D) The white book is the third from the left
(E) The orange book is the third from the left
(F) The blue book is the third from the left
(G) The gray book is the third from the left
A: (B)