Task description: A logical deduction task which requires deducing the order of a sequence of objects.

Q: On a shelf, there are seven books: a novel, a biography, a cookbook, a dictionary, a textbook, a travel guide, and a comic book. The dictionary is the second from the right. The biography is the fourth from the left. The cookbook is to the left of the textbook. The travel guide is to the left of the cookbook. The novel is the second from the left. The comic book is to the left of the travel guide.
Options:
(A) The novel is the third from the left
(B) The biography is the third from the left
(C) The cookbook is the third from the left
(D) The dictionary is the third from the left
(E) The textbook is the third from the left
(F) The travel guide is the third from the left
(G) The comic book is the third from the left
A: (B)

Q: On a table, there are seven items: a pen, a pencil, a ruler, a stapler, a pair of scissors, a glue stick, and a calculator. The ruler is the second from the right. The pencil is the fourth from the left. The stapler is to the left of the scissors. The glue stick is to the left of the stapler. The pen is the second from the left. The calculator is to the left of the glue stick.
Options:
(A) The pen is the third from the left
(B) The pencil is the third from the left
(C) The ruler is the third from the left
(D) The stapler is the third from the left
(E) The scissors is the third from the left
(F) The glue stick is the third from the left
(G) The calculator is the third from the left
A: (B)

Q: On a plate, there are seven pieces of fruit: an apple, a banana, a pear, an orange, a kiwi, a strawberry, and a grape. The orange is the second from the right. The banana is the fourth from the left. The pear is to the left of the kiwi. The strawberry is to the left of the pear. The apple is the second from the left. The grape is to the left of the strawberry.
Options:
(A) The apple is the third from the left
(B) The banana is the third from the left
(C) The pear is the third from the left
(D) The orange is the third from the left
(E) The kiwi is the third from the left
(F) The strawberry is the third from the left
(G) The grape is the third from the left
A: (B)

Q: The following paragraphs each describe a set of seven objects arranged in a fixed order. The statements are logically consistent within each paragraph. On a branch, there are seven birds: a raven, a cardinal, a falcon, an owl, a blue jay, a quail, and a robin. The owl is the second from the right. The cardinal is the fourth from the left. The falcon is to the left of the blue jay. The quail is to the left of the falcon. The raven is the second from the left. The robin is to the left of the quail.
Options:
(A) The raven is the third from the left
(B) The cardinal is the third from the left
(C) The falcon is the third from the left
(D) The owl is the third from the left
(E) The blue jay is the third from the left
(F) The quail is the third from the left
(G) The robin is the third from the left
A: (B)