Task description: A logical deduction task which requires deducing the order of a sequence of objects.

Q: A toy store sells seven stuffed animals: bears, cats, dogs, elephants, giraffes, monkeys, and zebras. The zebras are the least expensive. The cats are the third-most expensive. The giraffes are more expensive than the monkeys. The elephants are more expensive than the dogs. The bears are more expensive than the cats. The zebras are more expensive than the giraffes.
Options:
(A) The bears are the cheapest
(B) The cats are the cheapest
(C) The dogs are the cheapest
(D) The elephants are the cheapest
(E) The giraffes are the cheapest
(F) The monkeys are the cheapest
(G) The zebras are the cheapest
A: (G)

Q: A restaurant serves seven different types of soup: minestrone, tomato, lentil, split pea, vegetable, cream of mushroom, and chicken noodle. The cream of mushroom is the least expensive. The lentil is the third-most expensive. The split pea is more expensive than the vegetable. The tomato is more expensive than the minestrone. The chicken noodle is more expensive than the lentil. The cream of mushroom is more expensive than the split pea.
Options:
(A) The minestrone is the cheapest
(B) The tomato is the cheapest
(C) The lentil is the cheapest
(D) The split pea is the cheapest
(E) The vegetable is the cheapest
(F) The cream of mushroom is the cheapest
(G) The chicken noodle is the cheapest
A: (F)

Q: A bakery sells seven different types of bread: rye, wheat, sourdough, pumpernickel, French, Italian, and focaccia. The focaccia is the least expensive. The wheat is the third-most expensive. The sourdough is more expensive than the pumpernickel. The Italian is more expensive than the rye. The French is more expensive than the wheat. The focaccia is more expensive than the sourdough.
Options:
(A) The rye is the cheapest
(B) The wheat is the cheapest
(C) The sourdough is the cheapest
(D) The pumpernickel is the cheapest
(E) The French is the cheapest
(F) The Italian is the cheapest
(G) The focaccia is the cheapest
A: (G)

Q: The following paragraphs each describe a set of seven objects arranged in a fixed order. The statements are logically consistent within each paragraph. A fruit stand sells seven fruits: mangoes, kiwis, oranges, watermelons, apples, pears, and loquats. The loquats are less expensive than the oranges. The oranges are the third-most expensive. The apples are the cheapest. The kiwis are more expensive than the pears. The mangoes are more expensive than the watermelons. The loquats are more expensive than the kiwis.
Options:
(A) The mangoes are the cheapest
(B) The kiwis are the cheapest
(C) The oranges are the cheapest
(D) The watermelons are the cheapest
(E) The apples are the cheapest
(F) The pears are the cheapest
(G) The loquats are the cheapest
A: (G)