Task description: A logical deduction task which requires deducing the order of a sequence of objects.

Q: On a shelf, there are seven cups: a red cup, a green cup, a yellow cup, a blue cup, a black cup, a white cup, and a purple cup. The yellow cup is the second from the left. The blue cup is to the right of the green cup. The black cup is to the right of the red cup. The white cup is the third from the right. The purple cup is the third from the left. The green cup is the second from the right.
Options:
(A) The red cup is the leftmost
(B) The green cup is the leftmost
(C) The yellow cup is the leftmost
(D) The blue cup is the leftmost
(E) The black cup is the leftmost
(F) The white cup is the leftmost
(G) The purple cup is the leftmost
A: (C)

Q: On a shelf, there are seven toys: a red toy, a green toy, a yellow toy, a blue toy, a black toy, a white toy, and a purple toy. The yellow toy is the second from the left. The blue toy is to the right of the green toy. The black toy is to the right of the red toy. The white toy is the third from the right. The purple toy is the third from the left. The green toy is the second from the right.
Options:
(A) The red toy is the leftmost
(B) The green toy is the leftmost
(C) The yellow toy is the leftmost
(D) The blue toy is the leftmost
(E) The black toy is the leftmost
(F) The white toy is the leftmost
(G) The purple toy is the leftmost
A: (C)

Q: On a shelf, there are seven stones: a red stone, a green stone, a yellow stone, a blue stone, a black stone, a white stone, and a purple stone. The yellow stone is the second from the left. The blue stone is to the right of the green stone. The black stone is to the right of the red stone. The white stone is the third from the right. The purple stone is the third from the left. The green stone is the second from the right.
Options:
(A) The red stone is the leftmost
(B) The green stone is the leftmost
(C) The yellow stone is the leftmost
(D) The blue stone is the leftmost
(E) The black stone is the leftmost
(F) The white stone is the leftmost
(G) The purple stone is the leftmost
A: (C)

Q: The following paragraphs each describe a set of seven objects arranged in a fixed order. The statements are logically consistent within each paragraph. On a shelf, there are seven books: a yellow book, a brown book, a white book, an orange book, a black book, a blue book, and a purple book. The black book is the second from the left. The white book is to the right of the orange book. The black book is to the right of the brown book. The yellow book is the third from the right. The purple book is the third from the left. The orange book is the second from the right.
Options:
(A) The yellow book is the leftmost
(B) The brown book is the leftmost
(C) The white book is the leftmost
(D) The orange book is the leftmost
(E) The black book is the leftmost
(F) The blue book is the leftmost
(G) The purple book is the leftmost
A: (B)