Following is an example instance for the task: A task requiring determining the final positions of a set of objects given their initial positions and a description of a sequence of swaps. Please come up with 3 new , diverse, and creative instances for the task.
Example instance:
Q: Alice, Bob, Claire, Dave, and Eve are dancers at a square dance. At the start of a song, they each have a partner: Alice is dancing with Ophelia, Bob is dancing with Jamie, Claire is dancing with Melissa, Dave is dancing with Rodrigo, and Eve is dancing with Patrick.
Throughout the song, the dancers often trade partners. First, Claire and Bob switch partners. Then, Claire and Eve switch partners. Then, Claire and Bob switch partners. Then, Eve and Dave switch partners. Finally, Claire and Alice switch partners. At the end of the dance, Alice is dancing with
Options:
(A) Ophelia
(B) Jamie
(C) Melissa
(D) Rodrigo
(E) Patrick

New instance 1:
Q: Five students are playing a game of musical chairs. At the start of the game, they each have a chair: Alex is sitting in chair 1, Ben is sitting in chair 2, Charlie is sitting in chair 3, David is sitting in chair 4, and Emily is sitting in chair 5.
Throughout the game, the students often switch chairs. First, Alex and Ben switch chairs. Then, Alex and Charlie switch chairs. Then, Ben and David switch chairs. Then, Charlie and Emily switch chairs. Finally, Alex and Ben switch chairs again. At the end of the game, Alex is sitting in 
Options:
(A) Chair 1
(B) Chair 2
(C) Chair 3
(D) Chair 4
(E) Chair 5

New instance 2:
Q: Five friends are playing a game of rock-paper-scissors. At the start of the game, they each have a hand sign: Fred is showing rock, George is showing paper, Harry is showing scissors, Ian is showing rock, and Jane is showing paper.
Throughout the game, the friends often switch hand signs. First, Fred and George switch hand signs. Then, Fred and Harry switch hand signs. Then, George and Ian switch hand signs. Then, Harry and Jane switch hand signs. Finally, Fred and George switch hand signs again. At the end of the game, Fred is showing 
Options:
(A) Rock
(B) Paper
(C) Scissors
(D) Rock
(E) Paper

New instance 3:
Q: Five chefs are competing in a cooking competition. At the start of the competition, they each have a dish: Kevin is making a lasagna, Lisa is making a pizza, Mike is making a salad, Nick is making a soup, and Olivia is making a sandwich.
Throughout the competition, the chefs often switch dishes. First, Kevin and Lisa switch dishes. Then, Kevin and Mike switch dishes. Then, Lisa and Nick switch dishes. Then, Mike and Olivia switch dishes. Finally, Kevin and Lisa switch dishes again. At the end of the competition, Kevin is making 
Options:
(A) Lasagna
(B) Pizza
(C) Salad
(D) Soup
(E) Sandwich