Following is an example instance for the task: A task requiring determining the final positions of a set of objects given their initial positions and a description of a sequence of swaps. Please come up with 3 new , diverse, and creative instances for the task.
Example instance:
Q: Alice, Bob, Claire, Dave, and Eve are on the same team in a soccer match. At the start of the match, they are each assigned to a position: Alice is playing right winger, Bob is playing benchwarmer, Claire is playing right midfielder, Dave is playing goalkeeper, and Eve is playing cheerleader.
As the game progresses, pairs of players occasionally swap positions. First, Bob and Alice trade positions. Then, Dave and Claire trade positions. Then, Alice and Claire trade positions. Then, Eve and Alice trade positions. Finally, Dave and Bob trade positions. At the end of the match, Claire is playing
Options:
(A) right winger
(B) benchwarmer
(C) right midfielder
(D) goalkeeper
(E) cheerleader

New instance 1:
Q: Five students are taking a test in a classroom. At the start of the test, they are each assigned to a seat: Student A is sitting in seat 1, Student B is sitting in seat 2, Student C is sitting in seat 3, Student D is sitting in seat 4, and Student E is sitting in seat 5.
As the test progresses, pairs of students occasionally swap seats. First, Student A and Student B trade seats. Then, Student C and Student D trade seats. Then, Student A and Student C trade seats. Then, Student E and Student A trade seats. Finally, Student D and Student B trade seats. At the end of the test, Student C is sitting in
Options:
(A) seat 1
(B) seat 2
(C) seat 3
(D) seat 4
(E) seat 5

New instance 2:
Q: Five friends are playing a game of Monopoly. At the start of the game, they are each assigned to a token: Friend A is playing with the top hat token, Friend B is playing with the car token, Friend C is playing with the thimble token, Friend D is playing with the battleship token, and Friend E is playing with the shoe token.
As the game progresses, pairs of friends occasionally swap tokens. First, Friend A and Friend B trade tokens. Then, Friend C and Friend D trade tokens. Then, Friend A and Friend C trade tokens. Then, Friend E and Friend A trade tokens. Finally, Friend D and Friend B trade tokens. At the end of the game, Friend C is playing with
Options:
(A) the top hat token
(B) the car token
(C) the thimble token
(D) the battleship token
(E) the shoe token

New instance 3:
Q: Five musicians are performing in a band. At the start of the performance, they are each assigned to an instrument: Musician A is playing the guitar, Musician B is playing the drums, Musician C is playing the bass, Musician D is playing the keyboard, and Musician E is playing the saxophone.
As the performance progresses, pairs of musicians occasionally swap instruments. First, Musician A and Musician B trade instruments. Then, Musician C and Musician D trade instruments. Then, Musician A and Musician C trade instruments. Then, Musician E and Musician A trade instruments. Finally, Musician D and Musician B trade instruments. At the end of the performance, Musician C is playing
Options:
(A) the guitar
(B) the drums
(C) the bass
(D) the keyboard
(E) the saxophone