Following is an example instance for the task: A task requiring determining the final positions of a set of objects given their initial positions and a description of a sequence of swaps. Please come up with 3 new , diverse, and creative instances for the task.
Example instance:
Q: Alice, Bob, Claire, Dave, and Eve are playing a game. At the start of the game, they are each holding a ball: Alice has a pink ball, Bob has a brown ball, Claire has a black ball, Dave has a orange ball, and Eve has a yellow ball.
As the game progresses, pairs of players trade balls. First, Claire and Alice swap balls. Then, Dave and Bob swap balls. Then, Eve and Bob swap balls. Then, Bob and Alice swap balls. Finally, Eve and Claire swap balls. At the end of the game, Alice has the
Options:
(A) pink ball
(B) brown ball
(C) black ball
(D) orange ball
(E) yellow ball

New instance 1:
Q: Five friends, Alex, Ben, Carl, Dan, and Eric, are playing a game. At the start of the game, they are each holding a card: Alex has a red card, Ben has a blue card, Carl has a green card, Dan has a yellow card, and Eric has a purple card.
As the game progresses, pairs of players trade cards. First, Carl and Alex swap cards. Then, Dan and Ben swap cards. Then, Eric and Ben swap cards. Then, Ben and Alex swap cards. Finally, Eric and Carl swap cards. At the end of the game, Alex has the
Options:
(A) red card
(B) blue card
(C) green card
(D) yellow card
(E) purple card

New instance 2:
Q: Five students, Fiona, George, Harry, Isabel, and Jack, are playing a game. At the start of the game, they are each holding a coin: Fiona has a silver coin, George has a gold coin, Harry has a copper coin, Isabel has a bronze coin, and Jack has a nickel coin.
As the game progresses, pairs of players trade coins. First, Harry and Fiona swap coins. Then, Isabel and George swap coins. Then, Jack and George swap coins. Then, George and Fiona swap coins. Finally, Jack and Harry swap coins. At the end of the game, Fiona has the
Options:
(A) silver coin
(B) gold coin
(C) copper coin
(D) bronze coin
(E) nickel coin

New instance 3:
Q: Five siblings, Karen, Larry, Mike, Nancy, and Owen, are playing a game. At the start of the game, they are each holding a toy: Karen has a teddy bear, Larry has a car, Mike has a doll, Nancy has a truck, and Owen has a train.
As the game progresses, pairs of players trade toys. First, Mike and Karen swap toys. Then, Nancy and Larry swap toys. Then, Owen and Larry swap toys. Then, Larry and Karen swap toys. Finally, Owen and Mike swap toys. At the end of the game, Karen has the
Options:
(A) teddy bear
(B) car
(C) doll
(D) truck
(E) train