Following is an example instance for the task: A task requiring determining the final positions of a set of objects given their initial positions and a description of a sequence of swaps. Please come up with 3 new , diverse, and creative instances for the task.
Example instance:
Q: Alice, Bob, Claire, Dave, and Eve are friends and avid readers who occasionally trade books. At the start of the semester, they each buy one new book: Alice gets The Great Gatsby, Bob gets Frankenstein, Claire gets Moby Dick, Dave gets The Fellowship of the Ring, and Eve gets Catch-22.
As the semester proceeds, they start trading around the new books. First, Alice and Bob swap books. Then, Dave and Eve swap books. Then, Eve and Alice swap books. Then, Dave and Eve swap books. Finally, Claire and Dave swap books. At the end of the semester, Eve has
Options:
(A) The Great Gatsby
(B) Frankenstein
(C) Moby Dick
(D) The Fellowship of the Ring
(E) Catch-22

New instance 1:
Q: Five friends, Alex, Ben, Charlie, David, and Emma, are all avid board game players. At the start of the semester, they each buy one new game: Alex gets Monopoly, Ben gets Scrabble, Charlie gets Risk, David gets Clue, and Emma gets Settlers of Catan.
As the semester proceeds, they start trading around the new games. First, Alex and Ben swap games. Then, David and Emma swap games. Then, Emma and Alex swap games. Then, David and Emma swap games. Finally, Charlie and David swap games. At the end of the semester, Emma has
Options:
(A) Monopoly
(B) Scrabble
(C) Risk
(D) Clue
(E) Settlers of Catan

New instance 2:
Q: Five friends, Fiona, George, Harry, Isabel, and Jack, are all avid movie watchers. At the start of the semester, they each buy one new movie: Fiona gets The Godfather, George gets The Shawshank Redemption, Harry gets The Dark Knight, Isabel gets The Lord of the Rings, and Jack gets The Matrix.
As the semester proceeds, they start trading around the new movies. First, Fiona and George swap movies. Then, Harry and Isabel swap movies. Then, Isabel and Fiona swap movies. Then, Harry and Isabel swap movies. Finally, Jack and Harry swap movies. At the end of the semester, Isabel has
Options:
(A) The Godfather
(B) The Shawshank Redemption
(C) The Dark Knight
(D) The Lord of the Rings
(E) The Matrix

New instance 3:
Q: Five friends, Karen, Larry, Mike, Nancy, and Olivia, are all avid video game players. At the start of the semester, they each buy one new game: Karen gets Super Mario Bros., Larry gets Pac-Man, Mike gets Tetris, Nancy gets The Legend of Zelda, and Olivia gets Donkey Kong.
As the semester proceeds, they start trading around the new games. First, Karen and Larry swap games. Then, Mike and Nancy swap games. Then, Nancy and Karen swap games. Then, Mike and Nancy swap games. Finally, Olivia and Mike swap games. At the end of the semester, Nancy has
Options:
(A) Super Mario Bros.
(B) Pac-Man
(C) Tetris
(D) The Legend of Zelda
(E) Donkey Kong