Following is an example instance for the task: A task requiring determining the final positions of a set of objects given their initial positions and a description of a sequence of swaps. Please come up with 3 new , diverse, and creative instances for the task.
Example instance:
Q: Alice, Bob, Claire, Dave, and Eve are holding a white elephant gift exchange. At the start of the event, they are each holding a present of a different color: Alice has a blue present, Bob has a yellow present, Claire has a black ball, Dave has a purple present, and Eve has a red present.
As the event progresses, pairs of people swap gifts. First, Bob and Claire swap their gifts. Then, Dave and Eve swap their gifts. Then, Bob and Claire swap their gifts. Then, Claire and Alice swap their gifts. Finally, Eve and Dave swap their gifts. At the end of the event, Bob has the
Options:
(A) blue present
(B) yellow present
(C) black ball
(D) purple present
(E) red present

New instance 1:
Q: Five friends are playing a game of rock-paper-scissors. At the start of the game, each person has a different item: Alice has a rock, Bob has a paper, Claire has a pair of scissors, Dave has a coin, and Eve has a die.
As the game progresses, pairs of people swap items. First, Bob and Claire swap their items. Then, Dave and Eve swap their items. Then, Bob and Claire swap their items. Then, Claire and Alice swap their items. Finally, Eve and Dave swap their items. At the end of the game, Bob has the
Options:
(A) rock
(B) paper
(C) pair of scissors
(D) coin
(E) die

New instance 2:
Q: Five students are taking a test. At the start of the test, each student has a different answer sheet: Alice has a sheet with all A's, Bob has a sheet with all B's, Claire has a sheet with all C's, Dave has a sheet with all D's, and Eve has a sheet with all E's.
As the test progresses, pairs of students swap answer sheets. First, Bob and Claire swap their sheets. Then, Dave and Eve swap their sheets. Then, Bob and Claire swap their sheets. Then, Claire and Alice swap their sheets. Finally, Eve and Dave swap their sheets. At the end of the test, Bob has the
Options:
(A) sheet with all A's
(B) sheet with all B's
(C) sheet with all C's
(D) sheet with all D's
(E) sheet with all E's

New instance 3:
Q: Five friends are playing a game of poker. At the start of the game, each person has a different card: Alice has an ace of spades, Bob has a king of hearts, Claire has a queen of diamonds, Dave has a jack of clubs, and Eve has a ten of spades.
As the game progresses, pairs of people swap cards. First, Bob and Claire swap their cards. Then, Dave and Eve swap their cards. Then, Bob and Claire swap their cards. Then, Claire and Alice swap their cards. Finally, Eve and Dave swap their cards. At the end of the game, Bob has the
Options:
(A) ace of spades
(B) king of hearts
(C) queen of diamonds
(D) jack of clubs
(E) ten of spades