Following is an example instance for the task: A task requiring determining the final positions of a set of objects given their initial positions and a description of a sequence of swaps. Please come up with 3 new , diverse, and creative instances for the task.
Example instance:
Q: Alice, Bob, Claire, Dave, and Eve are friends and avid readers who occasionally trade books. At the start of the semester, they each buy one new book: Alice gets Ulysses, Bob gets Moby Dick, Claire gets The Pearl, Dave gets The Odyssey, and Eve gets The Fellowship of the Ring.
As the semester proceeds, they start trading around the new books. First, Alice and Claire swap books. Then, Eve and Claire swap books. Then, Claire and Bob swap books. Then, Dave and Claire swap books. Finally, Bob and Dave swap books. At the end of the semester, Eve has
Options:
(A) Ulysses
(B) Moby Dick
(C) The Pearl
(D) The Odyssey
(E) The Fellowship of the Ring

New instance 1:
Q: Five friends, Alex, Ben, Charlie, David, and Emma, are all avid board game players. At the start of the semester, they each buy one new game: Alex gets Monopoly, Ben gets Scrabble, Charlie gets Risk, David gets Clue, and Emma gets Catan.
As the semester proceeds, they start trading around the new games. First, Alex and Ben swap games. Then, Charlie and Ben swap games. Then, David and Ben swap games. Then, Emma and Ben swap games. Finally, Alex and David swap games. At the end of the semester, Emma has
Options:
(A) Monopoly
(B) Scrabble
(C) Risk
(D) Clue
(E) Catan

New instance 2:
Q: Five friends, Fiona, George, Harry, Isabel, and Jack, are all avid video game players. At the start of the semester, they each buy one new game: Fiona gets Mario Kart, George gets Fortnite, Harry gets Call of Duty, Isabel gets Overwatch, and Jack gets FIFA.
As the semester proceeds, they start trading around the new games. First, Fiona and George swap games. Then, Harry and George swap games. Then, Isabel and George swap games. Then, Jack and George swap games. Finally, Fiona and Isabel swap games. At the end of the semester, Jack has
Options:
(A) Mario Kart
(B) Fortnite
(C) Call of Duty
(D) Overwatch
(E) FIFA

New instance 3:
Q: Five friends, Karen, Larry, Mike, Nancy, and Olivia, are all avid movie watchers. At the start of the semester, they each buy one new movie: Karen gets The Godfather, Larry gets The Shawshank Redemption, Mike gets The Dark Knight, Nancy gets Inception, and Olivia gets The Matrix.
As the semester proceeds, they start trading around the new movies. First, Karen and Larry swap movies. Then, Mike and Larry swap movies. Then, Nancy and Larry swap movies. Then, Olivia and Larry swap movies. Finally, Karen and Nancy swap movies. At the end of the semester, Olivia has
Options:
(A) The Godfather
(B) The Shawshank Redemption
(C) The Dark Knight
(D) Inception
(E) The Matrix