Following is an example instance for the task: A task requiring determining the final positions of a set of objects given their initial positions and a description of a sequence of swaps. Please come up with 3 new , diverse, and creative instances for the task.
Example instance:
Q: Alice, Bob, Claire, Dave, and Eve are playing a game. At the start of the game, they are each holding a ball: Alice has a black ball, Bob has a blue ball, Claire has a orange ball, Dave has a pink ball, and Eve has a white ball.
As the game progresses, pairs of players trade balls. First, Eve and Bob swap balls. Then, Dave and Bob swap balls. Then, Dave and Alice swap balls. Then, Eve and Claire swap balls. Finally, Claire and Alice swap balls. At the end of the game, Eve has the
Options:
(A) black ball
(B) blue ball
(C) orange ball
(D) pink ball
(E) white ball

New instance 1:
Q: Five friends, Fred, George, Harry, Ian, and Jack, are playing a game. At the start of the game, they are each holding a card: Fred has a red card, George has a green card, Harry has a yellow card, Ian has a purple card, and Jack has a brown card.
As the game progresses, pairs of players trade cards. First, Fred and Jack swap cards. Then, Harry and Jack swap cards. Then, Harry and Ian swap cards. Then, Fred and George swap cards. Finally, George and Ian swap cards. At the end of the game, Fred has the
Options:
(A) red card
(B) green card
(C) yellow card
(D) purple card
(E) brown card

New instance 2:
Q: Five students, Karen, Larry, Mike, Nancy, and Olivia, are playing a game. At the start of the game, they are each holding a coin: Karen has a silver coin, Larry has a gold coin, Mike has a copper coin, Nancy has a bronze coin, and Olivia has a nickel coin.
As the game progresses, pairs of players trade coins. First, Karen and Nancy swap coins. Then, Larry and Nancy swap coins. Then, Larry and Mike swap coins. Then, Karen and Olivia swap coins. Finally, Mike and Olivia swap coins. At the end of the game, Karen has the
Options:
(A) silver coin
(B) gold coin
(C) copper coin
(D) bronze coin
(E) nickel coin

New instance 3:
Q: Five siblings, Paul, Rachel, Sarah, Tom, and Ursula, are playing a game. At the start of the game, they are each holding a toy: Paul has a car toy, Rachel has a doll toy, Sarah has a train toy, Tom has a plane toy, and Ursula has a boat toy.
As the game progresses, pairs of players trade toys. First, Paul and Ursula swap toys. Then, Rachel and Ursula swap toys. Then, Rachel and Tom swap toys. Then, Paul and Sarah swap toys. Finally, Tom and Sarah swap toys. At the end of the game, Paul has the
Options:
(A) car toy
(B) doll toy
(C) train toy
(D) plane toy
(E) boat toy