Following is an example instance for the task: A task requiring determining the final positions of a set of objects given their initial positions and a description of a sequence of swaps. Please come up with 3 new , diverse, and creative instances for the task.
Example instance:
Q: Alice, Bob, Claire, Dave, and Eve are holding a white elephant gift exchange. At the start of the event, they are each holding a present of a different color: Alice has a green present, Bob has a yellow present, Claire has a orange ball, Dave has a white present, and Eve has a brown present.
As the event progresses, pairs of people swap gifts. First, Eve and Dave swap their gifts. Then, Dave and Alice swap their gifts. Then, Bob and Dave swap their gifts. Then, Eve and Claire swap their gifts. Finally, Eve and Alice swap their gifts. At the end of the event, Dave has the
Options:
(A) green present
(B) yellow present
(C) orange ball
(D) white present
(E) brown present

New instance 1:
Q: Five friends, Fred, George, Harry, Ian, and Jack, are playing a game of rock-paper-scissors. At the start of the game, each player has a different colored token: Fred has a blue token, George has a red token, Harry has a green token, Ian has a yellow token, and Jack has a purple token.
As the game progresses, pairs of players swap tokens. First, Fred and George swap their tokens. Then, Harry and Ian swap their tokens. Then, Jack and Fred swap their tokens. Then, George and Harry swap their tokens. Finally, Ian and Jack swap their tokens. At the end of the game, Fred has the
Options:
(A) blue token
(B) red token
(C) green token
(D) yellow token
(E) purple token

New instance 2:
Q: Five students, Lisa, Mary, Nancy, Olivia, and Paula, are playing a game of musical chairs. At the start of the game, each student has a different colored chair: Lisa has a pink chair, Mary has a black chair, Nancy has a white chair, Olivia has a green chair, and Paula has a blue chair.
As the game progresses, pairs of students swap chairs. First, Lisa and Mary swap their chairs. Then, Nancy and Olivia swap their chairs. Then, Paula and Lisa swap their chairs. Then, Mary and Nancy swap their chairs. Finally, Olivia and Paula swap their chairs. At the end of the game, Lisa has the
Options:
(A) pink chair
(B) black chair
(C) white chair
(D) green chair
(E) blue chair

New instance 3:
Q: Five siblings, Quinn, Rachel, Sarah, Tom, and Ursula, are playing a game of hide-and-seek. At the start of the game, each sibling has a different colored hiding spot: Quinn has a red hiding spot, Rachel has a yellow hiding spot, Sarah has a blue hiding spot, Tom has a green hiding spot, and Ursula has a purple hiding spot.
As the game progresses, pairs of siblings swap hiding spots. First, Quinn and Rachel swap their hiding spots. Then, Sarah and Tom swap their hiding spots. Then, Ursula and Quinn swap their hiding spots. Then, Rachel and Sarah swap their hiding spots. Finally, Tom and Ursula swap their hiding spots. At the end of the game, Quinn has the
Options:
(A) red hiding spot
(B) yellow hiding spot
(C) blue hiding spot
(D) green hiding spot
(E) purple hiding spot