Following is an example instance for the task: A task requiring determining the final positions of a set of objects given their initial positions and a description of a sequence of swaps. Please come up with 3 new , diverse, and creative instances for the task.
Example instance:
Q: Alice, Bob, Claire, Dave, and Eve are friends and avid readers who occasionally trade books. At the start of the semester, they each buy one new book: Alice gets Moby Dick, Bob gets Ulysses, Claire gets The Fellowship of the Ring, Dave gets Lolita, and Eve gets Catch-22.
As the semester proceeds, they start trading around the new books. First, Claire and Bob swap books. Then, Claire and Dave swap books. Then, Dave and Alice swap books. Then, Dave and Bob swap books. Finally, Eve and Dave swap books. At the end of the semester, Claire has
Options:
(A) Moby Dick
(B) Ulysses
(C) The Fellowship of the Ring
(D) Lolita
(E) Catch-22

New instance 1:
Q: Five friends, Alex, Ben, Charlie, David, and Emma, are all avid board game players. At the start of the summer, they each buy one new game: Alex gets Monopoly, Ben gets Scrabble, Charlie gets Risk, David gets Clue, and Emma gets Settlers of Catan.
As the summer progresses, they start trading around the new games. First, Ben and Charlie swap games. Then, Charlie and David swap games. Then, David and Alex swap games. Then, David and Ben swap games. Finally, Emma and David swap games. At the end of the summer, Charlie has
Options:
(A) Monopoly
(B) Scrabble
(C) Risk
(D) Clue
(E) Settlers of Catan

New instance 2:
Q: Five friends, Fiona, George, Harry, Isabel, and Jack, are all avid movie watchers. At the start of the weekend, they each rent one new movie: Fiona gets The Godfather, George gets The Shawshank Redemption, Harry gets The Dark Knight, Isabel gets The Matrix, and Jack gets Inception.
As the weekend progresses, they start trading around the new movies. First, George and Harry swap movies. Then, Harry and Isabel swap movies. Then, Isabel and Fiona swap movies. Then, Isabel and George swap movies. Finally, Jack and Isabel swap movies. At the end of the weekend, Harry has
Options:
(A) The Godfather
(B) The Shawshank Redemption
(C) The Dark Knight
(D) The Matrix
(E) Inception

New instance 3:
Q: Five friends, Karen, Larry, Mike, Nancy, and Olivia, are all avid video game players. At the start of the month, they each buy one new game: Karen gets Super Mario Bros., Larry gets The Legend of Zelda, Mike gets Halo, Nancy gets Grand Theft Auto, and Olivia gets Call of Duty.
As the month progresses, they start trading around the new games. First, Larry and Mike swap games. Then, Mike and Nancy swap games. Then, Nancy and Karen swap games. Then, Nancy and Larry swap games. Finally, Olivia and Nancy swap games. At the end of the month, Mike has
Options:
(A) Super Mario Bros.
(B) The Legend of Zelda
(C) Halo
(D) Grand Theft Auto
(E) Call of Duty