Following is an example instance for the task: A task requiring determining the final positions of a set of objects given their initial positions and a description of a sequence of swaps. Please come up with 3 new , diverse, and creative instances for the task.
Example instance:
Q: Alice, Bob, Claire, Dave, and Eve are playing a game. At the start of the game, they are each holding a ball: Alice has a orange ball, Bob has a black ball, Claire has a pink ball, Dave has a white ball, and Eve has a red ball.
As the game progresses, pairs of players trade balls. First, Alice and Dave swap balls. Then, Bob and Claire swap balls. Then, Claire and Dave swap balls. Then, Dave and Bob swap balls. Finally, Alice and Eve swap balls. At the end of the game, Eve has the
Options:
(A) orange ball
(B) black ball
(C) pink ball
(D) white ball
(E) red ball

New instance 1:
Q: Five friends, Fred, George, Harry, Ian, and John, are playing a game. At the start of the game, they are each holding a card: Fred has a spade card, George has a heart card, Harry has a club card, Ian has a diamond card, and John has a joker card.
As the game progresses, pairs of players trade cards. First, Fred and Harry swap cards. Then, George and Ian swap cards. Then, Ian and Harry swap cards. Then, Harry and George swap cards. Finally, Fred and John swap cards. At the end of the game, John has the
Options:
(A) spade card
(B) heart card
(C) club card
(D) diamond card
(E) joker card

New instance 2:
Q: Five students, Jack, Kevin, Lisa, Mike, and Nick, are playing a game. At the start of the game, they are each holding a toy: Jack has a car toy, Kevin has a truck toy, Lisa has a plane toy, Mike has a boat toy, and Nick has a train toy.
As the game progresses, pairs of players trade toys. First, Jack and Lisa swap toys. Then, Kevin and Mike swap toys. Then, Mike and Lisa swap toys. Then, Lisa and Kevin swap toys. Finally, Jack and Nick swap toys. At the end of the game, Nick has the
Options:
(A) car toy
(B) truck toy
(C) plane toy
(D) boat toy
(E) train toy

New instance 3:
Q: Five siblings, Olivia, Peter, Rachel, Sam, and Tom, are playing a game. At the start of the game, they are each holding a book: Olivia has a science book, Peter has a math book, Rachel has a history book, Sam has a geography book, and Tom has a literature book.
As the game progresses, pairs of players trade books. First, Olivia and Sam swap books. Then, Peter and Rachel swap books. Then, Rachel and Sam swap books. Then, Sam and Peter swap books. Finally, Olivia and Tom swap books. At the end of the game, Tom has the
Options:
(A) science book
(B) math book
(C) history book
(D) geography book
(E) literature book