Following is an example instance for the task: A task requiring determining the final positions of a set of objects given their initial positions and a description of a sequence of swaps. Please come up with 3 new , diverse, and creative instances for the task.
Example instance:
Q: Alice, Bob, Claire, Dave, and Eve are dancers at a square dance. At the start of a song, they each have a partner: Alice is dancing with Jamie, Bob is dancing with Rodrigo, Claire is dancing with Patrick, Dave is dancing with Izzi, and Eve is dancing with Melissa.
Throughout the song, the dancers often trade partners. First, Dave and Eve switch partners. Then, Bob and Claire switch partners. Then, Bob and Eve switch partners. Then, Claire and Alice switch partners. Finally, Claire and Bob switch partners. At the end of the dance, Dave is dancing with
Options:
(A) Jamie
(B) Rodrigo
(C) Patrick
(D) Izzi
(E) Melissa

New instance 1:
Q: Five students, Alex, Ben, Charlie, David, and Emma, are playing a game of musical chairs. At the start of the game, each student is sitting in a chair: Alex is in chair 1, Ben is in chair 2, Charlie is in chair 3, David is in chair 4, and Emma is in chair 5.
Throughout the game, the students often switch chairs. First, Alex and Ben switch chairs. Then, Charlie and David switch chairs. Then, Ben and Emma switch chairs. Then, Alex and Charlie switch chairs. Finally, David and Emma switch chairs. At the end of the game, Alex is sitting in
Options:
(A) Chair 1
(B) Chair 2
(C) Chair 3
(D) Chair 4
(E) Chair 5

New instance 2:
Q: Five friends, Frank, George, Henry, Ian, and Jack, are playing a game of tag. At the start of the game, each friend is standing in a different spot: Frank is in spot 1, George is in spot 2, Henry is in spot 3, Ian is in spot 4, and Jack is in spot 5.
Throughout the game, the friends often switch spots. First, Frank and George switch spots. Then, Henry and Ian switch spots. Then, George and Jack switch spots. Then, Frank and Henry switch spots. Finally, Ian and Jack switch spots. At the end of the game, Frank is standing in
Options:
(A) Spot 1
(B) Spot 2
(C) Spot 3
(D) Spot 4
(E) Spot 5

New instance 3:
Q: Five chefs, Kevin, Larry, Mike, Nick, and Owen, are competing in a cooking competition. At the start of the competition, each chef is assigned a station: Kevin is at station 1, Larry is at station 2, Mike is at station 3, Nick is at station 4, and Owen is at station 5.
Throughout the competition, the chefs often switch stations. First, Kevin and Larry switch stations. Then, Mike and Nick switch stations. Then, Larry and Owen switch stations. Then, Kevin and Mike switch stations. Finally, Nick and Owen switch stations. At the end of the competition, Kevin is at
Options:
(A) Station 1
(B) Station 2
(C) Station 3
(D) Station 4
(E) Station 5