Following is an example instance for the task: A task requiring determining the final positions of a set of objects given their initial positions and a description of a sequence of swaps. Please come up with 3 new , diverse, and creative instances for the task.
Example instance:
Q: Alice, Bob, Claire, Dave, and Eve are holding a white elephant gift exchange. At the start of the event, they are each holding a present of a different color: Alice has a green present, Bob has a purple present, Claire has a blue present, Dave has a black ball, and Eve has a white present.
As the event progresses, pairs of people swap gifts. First, Eve and Bob swap their gifts. Then, Claire and Alice swap their gifts. Then, Bob and Eve swap their gifts. Then, Dave and Claire swap their gifts. Finally, Alice and Eve swap their gifts. At the end of the event, Claire has the
Options:
(A) green present
(B) purple present
(C) blue present
(D) black ball
(E) white present

New instance 1:
Q: Five friends are playing a game of musical chairs. At the start of the game, each person is sitting in a chair of a different color: Alice is sitting in a red chair, Bob is sitting in a yellow chair, Claire is sitting in a blue chair, Dave is sitting in a green chair, and Eve is sitting in a purple chair.
As the game progresses, pairs of people swap chairs. First, Eve and Bob swap chairs. Then, Claire and Alice swap chairs. Then, Bob and Eve swap chairs. Then, Dave and Claire swap chairs. Finally, Alice and Eve swap chairs. At the end of the game, Claire is sitting in a
Options:
(A) red chair
(B) yellow chair
(C) blue chair
(D) green chair
(E) purple chair

New instance 2:
Q: Five students are taking a test. At the start of the test, each student is sitting in a seat of a different number: Alice is sitting in seat 1, Bob is sitting in seat 2, Claire is sitting in seat 3, Dave is sitting in seat 4, and Eve is sitting in seat 5.
As the test progresses, pairs of students swap seats. First, Eve and Bob swap seats. Then, Claire and Alice swap seats. Then, Bob and Eve swap seats. Then, Dave and Claire swap seats. Finally, Alice and Eve swap seats. At the end of the test, Claire is sitting in seat
Options:
(A) 1
(B) 2
(C) 3
(D) 4
(E) 5

New instance 3:
Q: Five friends are playing a game of rock-paper-scissors. At the start of the game, each person is holding a different item: Alice is holding a rock, Bob is holding a paper, Claire is holding a scissors, Dave is holding a pencil, and Eve is holding a ruler.
As the game progresses, pairs of people swap items. First, Eve and Bob swap items. Then, Claire and Alice swap items. Then, Bob and Eve swap items. Then, Dave and Claire swap items. Finally, Alice and Eve swap items. At the end of the game, Claire is holding a
Options:
(A) rock
(B) paper
(C) scissors
(D) pencil
(E) ruler