Following is an example instance for the task: A logical deduction task which requires deducing the order of a sequence of objects. Please come up with 3 new , diverse, and creative instances for the task.
Example instance:
Q: The following paragraphs each describe a set of seven objects arranged in a fixed order. The statements are logically consistent within each paragraph. In an antique car show, there are seven vehicles: a bus, a motorcyle, a hatchback, a station wagon, a minivan, a truck, and a limousine. The station wagon is the fourth-newest. The motorcyle is newer than the truck. The station wagon is older than the hatchback. The minivan is newer than the hatchback. The bus is newer than the minivan. The truck is newer than the limousine.
Options:
(A) The bus is the third-oldest
(B) The motorcyle is the third-oldest
(C) The hatchback is the third-oldest
(D) The station wagon is the third-oldest
(E) The minivan is the third-oldest
(F) The truck is the third-oldest
(G) The limousine is the third-oldest

New instance 1:
Q: At a pet store, there are seven animals: a hamster, a parrot, a rabbit, a guinea pig, a turtle, a fish, and a snake. The guinea pig is the fourth-newest. The parrot is newer than the fish. The guinea pig is older than the rabbit. The turtle is newer than the rabbit. The hamster is newer than the turtle. The fish is newer than the snake.
Options:
(A) The hamster is the third-oldest
(B) The parrot is the third-oldest
(C) The rabbit is the third-oldest
(D) The guinea pig is the third-oldest
(E) The turtle is the third-oldest
(F) The fish is the third-oldest
(G) The snake is the third-oldest

New instance 2:
Q: At a music festival, there are seven performers: a rapper, a singer, a violinist, a guitarist, a pianist, a drummer, and a cellist. The guitarist is the fourth-newest. The singer is newer than the drummer. The guitarist is older than the violinist. The pianist is newer than the violinist. The rapper is newer than the pianist. The drummer is newer than the cellist.
Options:
(A) The rapper is the third-oldest
(B) The singer is the third-oldest
(C) The violinist is the third-oldest
(D) The guitarist is the third-oldest
(E) The pianist is the third-oldest
(F) The drummer is the third-oldest
(G) The cellist is the third-oldest

New instance 3:
Q: At a toy store, there are seven dolls: a Barbie, a Ken, a G.I. Joe, a Bratz, a Polly Pocket, a My Little Pony, and a Hot Wheels. The Bratz is the fourth-newest. The Ken is newer than the My Little Pony. The Bratz is older than the Polly Pocket. The G.I. Joe is newer than the Polly Pocket. The Barbie is newer than the G.I. Joe. The My Little Pony is newer than the Hot Wheels.
Options:
(A) The Barbie is the third-oldest
(B) The Ken is the third-oldest
(C) The G.I. Joe is the third-oldest
(D) The Bratz is the third-oldest
(E) The Polly Pocket is the third-oldest
(F) The My Little Pony is the third-oldest
(G) The Hot Wheels is the third-oldest