Following is an example instance for the task: A logical deduction task which requires deducing the order of a sequence of objects. Please come up with 3 new , diverse, and creative instances for the task.
Example instance:
Q: The following paragraphs each describe a set of seven objects arranged in a fixed order. The statements are logically consistent within each paragraph. A fruit stand sells seven fruits: mangoes, watermelons, peaches, kiwis, oranges, cantaloupes, and plums. The watermelons are the cheapest. The peaches are more expensive than the mangoes. The cantaloupes are the second-most expensive. The oranges are more expensive than the cantaloupes. The peaches are less expensive than the plums. The kiwis are the third-cheapest.
Options:
(A) The mangoes are the third-most expensive
(B) The watermelons are the third-most expensive
(C) The peaches are the third-most expensive
(D) The kiwis are the third-most expensive
(E) The oranges are the third-most expensive
(F) The cantaloupes are the third-most expensive
(G) The plums are the third-most expensive

New instance 1:
Q: A toy store sells seven stuffed animals: bears, cats, dogs, elephants, giraffes, monkeys, and tigers. The cats are the cheapest. The dogs are more expensive than the bears. The elephants are the second-most expensive. The giraffes are more expensive than the elephants. The monkeys are less expensive than the tigers. The bears are the third-cheapest.
Options:
(A) The cats are the third-most expensive
(B) The dogs are the third-most expensive
(C) The elephants are the third-most expensive
(D) The giraffes are the third-most expensive
(E) The monkeys are the third-most expensive
(F) The tigers are the third-most expensive
(G) The bears are the third-most expensive

New instance 2:
Q: A bakery sells seven types of bread: rye, wheat, sourdough, pumpernickel, baguette, focaccia, and ciabatta. The rye is the cheapest. The wheat is more expensive than the sourdough. The pumpernickel is the second-most expensive. The baguette is more expensive than the pumpernickel. The focaccia is less expensive than the ciabatta. The sourdough is the third-cheapest.
Options:
(A) The rye is the third-most expensive
(B) The wheat is the third-most expensive
(C) The sourdough is the third-most expensive
(D) The pumpernickel is the third-most expensive
(E) The baguette is the third-most expensive
(F) The focaccia is the third-most expensive
(G) The ciabatta is the third-most expensive

New instance 3:
Q: A pet store sells seven types of fish: guppies, goldfish, tetras, angelfish, cichlids, mollies, and barbs. The guppies are the cheapest. The goldfish are more expensive than the tetras. The angelfish are the second-most expensive. The cichlids are more expensive than the angelfish. The mollies are less expensive than the barbs. The tetras are the third-cheapest.
Options:
(A) The guppies are the third-most expensive
(B) The goldfish are the third-most expensive
(C) The tetras are the third-most expensive
(D) The angelfish are the third-most expensive
(E) The cichlids are the third-most expensive
(F) The mollies are the third-most expensive
(G) The barbs are the third-most expensive