Following is an example instance for the task: A logical deduction task which requires deducing the order of a sequence of objects. Please come up with 3 new , diverse, and creative instances for the task.
Example instance:
Q: The following paragraphs each describe a set of seven objects arranged in a fixed order. The statements are logically consistent within each paragraph. On a branch, there are seven birds: a raven, a cardinal, a falcon, an owl, a blue jay, a quail, and a robin. The owl is the second from the right. The cardinal is the fourth from the left. The falcon is to the left of the blue jay. The quail is to the left of the falcon. The raven is the second from the left. The robin is to the left of the quail.
Options:
(A) The raven is the second from the right
(B) The cardinal is the second from the right
(C) The falcon is the second from the right
(D) The owl is the second from the right
(E) The blue jay is the second from the right
(F) The quail is the second from the right
(G) The robin is the second from the right

New instance 1:
Q: On a shelf, there are seven books: a novel, a biography, a cookbook, a dictionary, a textbook, a comic book, and a travel guide. The dictionary is the second from the right. The biography is the fourth from the left. The cookbook is to the left of the textbook. The comic book is to the left of the cookbook. The novel is the second from the left. The travel guide is to the left of the comic book.
Options:
(A) The novel is the second from the right
(B) The biography is the second from the right
(C) The cookbook is the second from the right
(D) The dictionary is the second from the right
(E) The textbook is the second from the right
(F) The comic book is the second from the right
(G) The travel guide is the second from the right

New instance 2:
Q: On a table, there are seven items: a pen, a pencil, a ruler, a stapler, a pair of scissors, a glue stick, and a calculator. The stapler is the second from the right. The pencil is the fourth from the left. The ruler is to the left of the scissors. The glue stick is to the left of the ruler. The pen is the second from the left. The calculator is to the left of the glue stick.
Options:
(A) The pen is the second from the right
(B) The pencil is the second from the right
(C) The ruler is the second from the right
(D) The stapler is the second from the right
(E) The scissors is the second from the right
(F) The glue stick is the second from the right
(G) The calculator is the second from the right

New instance 3:
Q: On a plate, there are seven pieces of fruit: an apple, a banana, a pear, an orange, a kiwi, a strawberry, and a grape. The orange is the second from the right. The apple is the fourth from the left. The pear is to the left of the kiwi. The strawberry is to the left of the pear. The banana is the second from the left. The grape is to the left of the strawberry.
Options:
(A) The apple is the second from the right
(B) The banana is the second from the right
(C) The pear is the second from the right
(D) The orange is the second from the right
(E) The kiwi is the second from the right
(F) The strawberry is the second from the right
(G) The grape is the second from the right