Following is an example instance for the task: A logical deduction task which requires deducing the order of a sequence of objects. Please come up with 3 new , diverse, and creative instances for the task.
Example instance:
Q: The following paragraphs each describe a set of seven objects arranged in a fixed order. The statements are logically consistent within each paragraph. On a branch, there are seven birds: an owl, a crow, a falcon, a cardinal, a hummingbird, a quail, and a hawk. The falcon is to the left of the crow. The quail is to the right of the cardinal. The hummingbird is to the right of the quail. The falcon is the second from the right. The hummingbird is to the left of the hawk. The owl is the third from the left.
Options:
(A) The owl is the third from the left
(B) The crow is the third from the left
(C) The falcon is the third from the left
(D) The cardinal is the third from the left
(E) The hummingbird is the third from the left
(F) The quail is the third from the left
(G) The hawk is the third from the left

New instance 1:
Q: On a shelf, there are seven books: a novel, a biography, a cookbook, a dictionary, a textbook, a comic book, and a magazine. The cookbook is to the left of the biography. The textbook is to the right of the dictionary. The comic book is to the right of the textbook. The novel is the second from the right. The magazine is to the left of the comic book. The dictionary is the third from the left.
Options:
(A) The novel is the third from the left
(B) The biography is the third from the left
(C) The cookbook is the third from the left
(D) The dictionary is the third from the left
(E) The textbook is the third from the left
(F) The comic book is the third from the left
(G) The magazine is the third from the left

New instance 2:
Q: On a table, there are seven items: a pen, a pencil, a ruler, a stapler, a paper clip, a rubber band, and a marker. The ruler is to the left of the pencil. The paper clip is to the right of the stapler. The rubber band is to the right of the paper clip. The pen is the second from the right. The marker is to the left of the rubber band. The stapler is the third from the left.
Options:
(A) The pen is the third from the left
(B) The pencil is the third from the left
(C) The ruler is the third from the left
(D) The stapler is the third from the left
(E) The paper clip is the third from the left
(F) The rubber band is the third from the left
(G) The marker is the third from the left

New instance 3:
Q: On a desk, there are seven items: a laptop, a mouse, a keyboard, a monitor, a printer, a scanner, and a phone. The mouse is to the left of the keyboard. The printer is to the right of the monitor. The scanner is to the right of the printer. The laptop is the second from the right. The phone is to the left of the scanner. The monitor is the third from the left.
Options:
(A) The laptop is the third from the left
(B) The mouse is the third from the left
(C) The keyboard is the third from the left
(D) The monitor is the third from the left
(E) The printer is the third from the left
(F) The scanner is the third from the left
(G) The phone is the third from the left