Following is an example instance for the task: A logical deduction task which requires deducing the order of a sequence of objects. Please come up with 3 new , diverse, and creative instances for the task.
Example instance:
Q: The following paragraphs each describe a set of seven objects arranged in a fixed order. The statements are logically consistent within each paragraph. A fruit stand sells seven fruits: watermelons, mangoes, kiwis, pears, cantaloupes, oranges, and peaches. The oranges are more expensive than the peaches. The cantaloupes are the fourth-most expensive. The pears are less expensive than the cantaloupes. The peaches are the second-most expensive. The mangoes are the cheapest. The kiwis are the third-cheapest.
Options:
(A) The watermelons are the fourth-most expensive
(B) The mangoes are the fourth-most expensive
(C) The kiwis are the fourth-most expensive
(D) The pears are the fourth-most expensive
(E) The cantaloupes are the fourth-most expensive
(F) The oranges are the fourth-most expensive
(G) The peaches are the fourth-most expensive

New instance 1:
Q: A toy store sells seven stuffed animals: bears, cats, dogs, elephants, giraffes, monkeys, and tigers. The elephants are the most expensive. The giraffes are the second-most expensive. The cats are the third-most expensive. The monkeys are the fourth-most expensive. The tigers are the fifth-most expensive. The dogs are the sixth-most expensive. The bears are the least expensive.
Options:
(A) The bears are the fourth-most expensive
(B) The cats are the fourth-most expensive
(C) The dogs are the fourth-most expensive
(D) The elephants are the fourth-most expensive
(E) The giraffes are the fourth-most expensive
(F) The monkeys are the fourth-most expensive
(G) The tigers are the fourth-most expensive

New instance 2:
Q: A bakery sells seven types of pastries: croissants, donuts, éclairs, macarons, muffins, scones, and tarts. The éclairs are the most expensive. The macarons are the second-most expensive. The tarts are the third-most expensive. The scones are the fourth-most expensive. The donuts are the fifth-most expensive. The muffins are the sixth-most expensive. The croissants are the least expensive.
Options:
(A) The croissants are the fourth-most expensive
(B) The donuts are the fourth-most expensive
(C) The éclairs are the fourth-most expensive
(D) The macarons are the fourth-most expensive
(E) The muffins are the fourth-most expensive
(F) The scones are the fourth-most expensive
(G) The tarts are the fourth-most expensive

New instance 3:
Q: A pet store sells seven types of animals: birds, fish, hamsters, lizards, mice, rabbits, and snakes. The lizards are the most expensive. The snakes are the second-most expensive. The hamsters are the third-most expensive. The rabbits are the fourth-most expensive. The mice are the fifth-most expensive. The fish are the sixth-most expensive. The birds are the least expensive.
Options:
(A) The birds are the fourth-most expensive
(B) The fish are the fourth-most expensive
(C) The hamsters are the fourth-most expensive
(D) The lizards are the fourth-most expensive
(E) The mice are the fourth-most expensive
(F) The rabbits are the fourth-most expensive
(G) The snakes are the fourth-most expensive