Following is an example instance for the task: A logical deduction task which requires deducing the order of a sequence of objects. Please come up with 3 new , diverse, and creative instances for the task.
Example instance:
Q: The following paragraphs each describe a set of seven objects arranged in a fixed order. The statements are logically consistent within each paragraph. On a shelf, there are seven books: a blue book, a yellow book, a brown book, a gray book, a green book, a purple book, and an orange book. The blue book is to the right of the brown book. The gray book is the rightmost. The purple book is to the left of the green book. The green book is to the left of the yellow book. The brown book is the second from the left. The purple book is to the right of the blue book.
Options:
(A) The blue book is the third from the right
(B) The yellow book is the third from the right
(C) The brown book is the third from the right
(D) The gray book is the third from the right
(E) The green book is the third from the right
(F) The purple book is the third from the right
(G) The orange book is the third from the right

New instance 1:
Q: On a shelf, there are seven cups: a red cup, a blue cup, a yellow cup, a green cup, a purple cup, a brown cup, and an orange cup. The red cup is to the right of the yellow cup. The green cup is the rightmost. The purple cup is to the left of the blue cup. The blue cup is to the left of the orange cup. The yellow cup is the second from the left. The purple cup is to the right of the red cup.
Options:
(A) The red cup is the third from the right
(B) The yellow cup is the third from the right
(C) The brown cup is the third from the right
(D) The green cup is the third from the right
(E) The blue cup is the third from the right
(F) The purple cup is the third from the right
(G) The orange cup is the third from the right

New instance 2:
Q: On a shelf, there are seven toys: a red toy, a blue toy, a yellow toy, a green toy, a purple toy, a brown toy, and an orange toy. The red toy is to the right of the yellow toy. The green toy is the rightmost. The purple toy is to the left of the blue toy. The blue toy is to the left of the orange toy. The yellow toy is the second from the left. The purple toy is to the right of the red toy.
Options:
(A) The red toy is the third from the right
(B) The yellow toy is the third from the right
(C) The brown toy is the third from the right
(D) The green toy is the third from the right
(E) The blue toy is the third from the right
(F) The purple toy is the third from the right
(G) The orange toy is the third from the right

New instance 3:
Q: On a shelf, there are seven coins: a silver coin, a gold coin, a copper coin, a bronze coin, a nickel coin, a platinum coin, and a steel coin. The silver coin is to the right of the copper coin. The bronze coin is the rightmost. The platinum coin is to the left of the gold coin. The gold coin is to the left of the steel coin. The copper coin is the second from the left. The platinum coin is to the right of the silver coin.
Options:
(A) The silver coin is the third from the right
(B) The copper coin is the third from the right
(C) The bronze coin is the third from the right
(D) The gold coin is the third from the right
(E) The nickel coin is the third from the right
(F) The platinum coin is the third from the right
(G) The steel coin is the third from the right