Following is an example instance for the task: A logical deduction task which requires deducing the order of a sequence of objects. Please come up with 3 new , diverse, and creative instances for the task.
Example instance:
Q: The following paragraphs each describe a set of seven objects arranged in a fixed order. The statements are logically consistent within each paragraph. A fruit stand sells seven fruits: kiwis, plums, mangoes, watermelons, pears, peaches, and oranges. The pears are the third-cheapest. The kiwis are the second-most expensive. The pears are more expensive than the plums. The oranges are less expensive than the kiwis. The mangoes are the third-most expensive. The peaches are the second-cheapest.
Options:
(A) The kiwis are the second-cheapest
(B) The plums are the second-cheapest
(C) The mangoes are the second-cheapest
(D) The watermelons are the second-cheapest
(E) The pears are the second-cheapest
(F) The peaches are the second-cheapest
(G) The oranges are the second-cheapest

New instance 1:
Q: A toy store sells seven stuffed animals: bears, cats, dogs, elephants, giraffes, monkeys, and tigers. The cats are the fourth-cheapest. The elephants are the second-most expensive. The cats are more expensive than the dogs. The tigers are less expensive than the elephants. The monkeys are the third-most expensive. The giraffes are the second-cheapest.
Options:
(A) The cats are the second-cheapest
(B) The dogs are the second-cheapest
(C) The elephants are the second-cheapest
(D) The bears are the second-cheapest
(E) The giraffes are the second-cheapest
(F) The monkeys are the second-cheapest
(G) The tigers are the second-cheapest

New instance 2:
Q: A bakery sells seven types of bread: rye, sourdough, wheat, pumpernickel, oat, multigrain, and baguette. The rye is the fifth-cheapest. The sourdough is the second-most expensive. The rye is more expensive than the wheat. The baguette is less expensive than the sourdough. The multigrain is the third-most expensive. The oat is the second-cheapest.
Options:
(A) The rye is the second-cheapest
(B) The wheat is the second-cheapest
(C) The sourdough is the second-cheapest
(D) The pumpernickel is the second-cheapest
(E) The oat is the second-cheapest
(F) The multigrain is the second-cheapest
(G) The baguette is the second-cheapest

New instance 3:
Q: A pet store sells seven types of fish: guppies, tetras, goldfish, angelfish, cichlids, mollies, and barbs. The tetras are the sixth-cheapest. The goldfish are the second-most expensive. The tetras are more expensive than the guppies. The barbs are less expensive than the goldfish. The cichlids are the third-most expensive. The mollies are the second-cheapest.
Options:
(A) The tetras are the second-cheapest
(B) The guppies are the second-cheapest
(C) The goldfish are the second-cheapest
(D) The angelfish are the second-cheapest
(E) The cichlids are the second-cheapest
(F) The mollies are the second-cheapest
(G) The barbs are the second-cheapest