Following is an example instance for the task: A logical deduction task which requires deducing the order of a sequence of objects. Please come up with 3 new , diverse, and creative instances for the task.
Example instance:
Q: The following paragraphs each describe a set of seven objects arranged in a fixed order. The statements are logically consistent within each paragraph. A fruit stand sells seven fruits: apples, plums, mangoes, watermelons, oranges, kiwis, and loquats. The watermelons are less expensive than the plums. The watermelons are more expensive than the oranges. The kiwis are less expensive than the oranges. The apples are more expensive than the loquats. The plums are less expensive than the mangoes. The mangoes are the third-most expensive.
Options:
(A) The apples are the third-most expensive
(B) The plums are the third-most expensive
(C) The mangoes are the third-most expensive
(D) The watermelons are the third-most expensive
(E) The oranges are the third-most expensive
(F) The kiwis are the third-most expensive
(G) The loquats are the third-most expensive

New instance 1:
Q: A pet store sells seven animals: cats, dogs, hamsters, guinea pigs, parrots, rabbits, and ferrets. The guinea pigs are less expensive than the cats. The parrots are more expensive than the rabbits. The ferrets are less expensive than the cats. The dogs are more expensive than the hamsters. The rabbits are less expensive than the parrots. The cats are the third-most expensive.
Options:
(A) The cats are the third-most expensive
(B) The dogs are the third-most expensive
(C) The hamsters are the third-most expensive
(D) The guinea pigs are the third-most expensive
(E) The parrots are the third-most expensive
(F) The rabbits are the third-most expensive
(G) The ferrets are the third-most expensive

New instance 2:
Q: A toy store sells seven toys: dolls, cars, stuffed animals, action figures, board games, puzzles, and building blocks. The action figures are less expensive than the dolls. The puzzles are more expensive than the stuffed animals. The building blocks are less expensive than the dolls. The cars are more expensive than the board games. The stuffed animals are less expensive than the puzzles. The dolls are the third-most expensive.
Options:
(A) The dolls are the third-most expensive
(B) The cars are the third-most expensive
(C) The stuffed animals are the third-most expensive
(D) The action figures are the third-most expensive
(E) The board games are the third-most expensive
(F) The puzzles are the third-most expensive
(G) The building blocks are the third-most expensive

New instance 3:
Q: A clothing store sells seven items of clothing: jeans, t-shirts, sweaters, dresses, skirts, shorts, and jackets. The sweaters are less expensive than the jeans. The skirts are more expensive than the shorts. The jackets are less expensive than the jeans. The t-shirts are more expensive than the dresses. The shorts are less expensive than the skirts. The jeans are the third-most expensive.
Options:
(A) The jeans are the third-most expensive
(B) The t-shirts are the third-most expensive
(C) The sweaters are the third-most expensive
(D) The dresses are the third-most expensive
(E) The skirts are the third-most expensive
(F) The shorts are the third-most expensive
(G) The jackets are the third-most expensive