Following is an example instance for the task: A logical deduction task which requires deducing the order of a sequence of objects. Please come up with 3 new , diverse, and creative instances for the task.
Example instance:
Q: The following paragraphs each describe a set of seven objects arranged in a fixed order. The statements are logically consistent within each paragraph. On a shelf, there are seven books: a white book, a gray book, a yellow book, a purple book, a red book, a black book, and a green book. The black book is the second from the right. The red book is to the left of the green book. The red book is the second from the left. The gray book is the third from the right. The yellow book is the third from the left. The white book is the fourth from the left.
Options:
(A) The white book is the leftmost
(B) The gray book is the leftmost
(C) The yellow book is the leftmost
(D) The purple book is the leftmost
(E) The red book is the leftmost
(F) The black book is the leftmost
(G) The green book is the leftmost

New instance 1:
Q: On a shelf, there are seven cups: a white cup, a gray cup, a yellow cup, a purple cup, a red cup, a black cup, and a green cup. The black cup is the fourth from the right. The red cup is to the right of the green cup. The red cup is the fifth from the left. The gray cup is the second from the right. The yellow cup is the sixth from the left. The white cup is the third from the left.
Options:
(A) The white cup is the leftmost
(B) The gray cup is the leftmost
(C) The yellow cup is the leftmost
(D) The purple cup is the leftmost
(E) The red cup is the leftmost
(F) The black cup is the leftmost
(G) The green cup is the leftmost

New instance 2:
Q: On a shelf, there are seven toys: a white toy, a gray toy, a yellow toy, a purple toy, a red toy, a black toy, and a green toy. The black toy is the fifth from the right. The red toy is to the left of the green toy. The red toy is the fourth from the left. The gray toy is the third from the right. The yellow toy is the second from the left. The white toy is the sixth from the left.
Options:
(A) The white toy is the leftmost
(B) The gray toy is the leftmost
(C) The yellow toy is the leftmost
(D) The purple toy is the leftmost
(E) The red toy is the leftmost
(F) The black toy is the leftmost
(G) The green toy is the leftmost

New instance 3:
Q: On a shelf, there are seven stones: a white stone, a gray stone, a yellow stone, a purple stone, a red stone, a black stone, and a green stone. The black stone is the sixth from the right. The red stone is to the right of the green stone. The red stone is the first from the left. The gray stone is the fourth from the right. The yellow stone is the fifth from the left. The white stone is the second from the left.
Options:
(A) The white stone is the leftmost
(B) The gray stone is the leftmost
(C) The yellow stone is the leftmost
(D) The purple stone is the leftmost
(E) The red stone is the leftmost
(F) The black stone is the leftmost
(G) The green stone is the leftmost