Following is an example instance for the task: A logical deduction task which requires deducing the order of a sequence of objects. Please come up with 3 new , diverse, and creative instances for the task.
Example instance:
Q: The following paragraphs each describe a set of seven objects arranged in a fixed order. The statements are logically consistent within each paragraph. In an antique car show, there are seven vehicles: a limousine, a truck, a minivan, a tractor, a hatchback, a bus, and a convertible. The convertible is the second-oldest. The tractor is the fourth-newest. The minivan is older than the truck. The truck is older than the limousine. The hatchback is the third-oldest. The bus is newer than the limousine.
Options:
(A) The limousine is the oldest
(B) The truck is the oldest
(C) The minivan is the oldest
(D) The tractor is the oldest
(E) The hatchback is the oldest
(F) The bus is the oldest
(G) The convertible is the oldest

New instance 1:
Q: At a pet show, there are seven animals: a parrot, a hamster, a rabbit, a turtle, a guinea pig, a ferret, and a chinchilla. The guinea pig is the second-oldest. The turtle is the fourth-newest. The hamster is older than the rabbit. The rabbit is older than the parrot. The ferret is the third-oldest. The chinchilla is newer than the parrot.
Options:
(A) The parrot is the oldest
(B) The hamster is the oldest
(C) The rabbit is the oldest
(D) The turtle is the oldest
(E) The guinea pig is the oldest
(F) The ferret is the oldest
(G) The chinchilla is the oldest

New instance 2:
Q: At a music festival, there are seven performers: a rapper, a singer, a violinist, a cellist, a pianist, a guitarist, and a drummer. The cellist is the second-oldest. The drummer is the fourth-newest. The singer is older than the violinist. The violinist is older than the rapper. The pianist is the third-oldest. The guitarist is newer than the rapper.
Options:
(A) The rapper is the oldest
(B) The singer is the oldest
(C) The violinist is the oldest
(D) The cellist is the oldest
(E) The pianist is the oldest
(F) The guitarist is the oldest
(G) The drummer is the oldest

New instance 3:
Q: At a science fair, there are seven projects: a model of the solar system, a robot, a chemistry experiment, a physics experiment, a computer program, a biology experiment, and a rocket. The computer program is the second-oldest. The rocket is the fourth-newest. The chemistry experiment is older than the robot. The robot is older than the model of the solar system. The physics experiment is the third-oldest. The biology experiment is newer than the model of the solar system.
Options:
(A) The model of the solar system is the oldest
(B) The robot is the oldest
(C) The chemistry experiment is the oldest
(D) The physics experiment is the oldest
(E) The computer program is the oldest
(F) The biology experiment is the oldest
(G) The rocket is the oldest