Task description: A task requiring determining the final positions of a set of objects given their initial positions and a description of a sequence of swaps.

Q: The members of a basketball team are assigned to positions at the start of the game. Jack is playing point guard, Jill is playing shooting guard, John is playing small forward, Jane is playing power forward, Joe is playing center, and Jim is playing coach. As the game progresses, pairs of players occasionally swap positions. First, Jim and Jack trade positions. Then, Jim and Jill trade positions. Then, Jack and John trade positions. Then, Jill and Jane trade positions. Then, John and Joe trade positions. Finally, Jane and Jim trade positions. At the end of the game, Jim is playing
Options:
(A) point guard
(B) shooting guard
(C) small forward
(D) power forward
(E) center
(F) coach
A: (F)

Q: The members of a chess team are assigned to positions at the start of the game. Alex is playing white knight, Ben is playing black knight, Charlie is playing white bishop, David is playing black bishop, Emma is playing white rook, and Frank is playing black rook. As the game progresses, pairs of players occasionally swap positions. First, Frank and Alex trade positions. Then, Frank and Ben trade positions. Then, Alex and Charlie trade positions. Then, Ben and David trade positions. Then, Charlie and Emma trade positions. Finally, David and Frank trade positions. At the end of the game, Frank is playing
Options:
(A) white knight
(B) black knight
(C) white bishop
(D) black bishop
(E) white rook
(F) black rook
A: (F)

Q: The members of a tennis team are assigned to positions at the start of the match. Sam is playing singles, Tom is playing doubles, Sarah is playing mixed doubles, Tyler is playing singles, and Uma is playing doubles. As the match progresses, pairs of players occasionally swap positions. First, Uma and Sam trade positions. Then, Uma and Tom trade positions. Then, Sam and Sarah trade positions. Then, Tom and Tyler trade positions. Then, Sarah and Uma trade positions. Finally, Tyler and Sam trade positions. At the end of the match, Uma is playing
Options:
(A) singles
(B) doubles
(C) mixed doubles
A: (B)

Q: Alice, Bob, Claire, Dave, Eve, Fred, and Gertrude are on the same team in a soccer match. At the start of the match, they are each assigned to a position: Alice is playing left winger, Bob is playing goalkeeper, Claire is playing center midfielder, Dave is playing right midfielder, Eve is playing fullback, Fred is playing left midfielder, and Gertrude is playing cheerleader.
As the game progresses, pairs of players occasionally swap positions. First, Gertrude and Eve trade positions. Then, Gertrude and Alice trade positions. Then, Eve and Claire trade positions. Then, Fred and Eve trade positions. Then, Claire and Gertrude trade positions. Then, Claire and Dave trade positions. Finally, Fred and Bob trade positions. At the end of the match, Gertrude is playing
Options:
(A) left winger
(B) goalkeeper
(C) center midfielder
(D) right midfielder
(E) fullback
(F) left midfielder
(G) cheerleader
A: (G)