Task description: A task requiring determining the final positions of a set of objects given their initial positions and a description of a sequence of swaps.

Q: Seven students are playing a game. At the start of the game, they are each holding a card: Alex has a spade card, Ben has a heart card, Charlie has a club card, David has a diamond card, Emma has a joker card, Frank has a ace card, and George has a king card.
As the game progresses, pairs of students trade cards. First, Emma and David swap cards. Then, Charlie and Emma swap cards. Then, David and Charlie swap cards. Then, Ben and Frank swap cards. Then, Frank and David swap cards. Then, Emma and Alex swap cards. Finally, David and George swap cards. At the end of the game, Alex has the
Options:
(A) spade card
(B) heart card
(C) club card
(D) diamond card
(E) joker card
(F) ace card
(G) king card
A: (D)

Q: Seven friends are playing a game. At the start of the game, they are each holding a toy: Amy has a teddy bear, Brian has a car, Chris has a doll, Daniel has a truck, Emily has a train, Fred has a plane, and Grace has a boat.
As the game progresses, pairs of friends trade toys. First, Emily and Daniel swap toys. Then, Chris and Emily swap toys. Then, Daniel and Chris swap toys. Then, Brian and Fred swap toys. Then, Fred and Daniel swap toys. Then, Emily and Amy swap toys. Finally, Daniel and Grace swap toys. At the end of the game, Amy has the
Options:
(A) teddy bear
(B) car
(C) doll
(D) truck
(E) train
(F) plane
(G) boat
A: (A)

Q: Seven siblings are playing a game. At the start of the game, they are each holding a snack: Anna has a cookie, Brad has a pretzel, Carl has a cracker, David has a popcorn, Ella has a candy, Frank has a chips, and Grace has a ice cream.
As the game progresses, pairs of siblings trade snacks. First, Ella and David swap snacks. Then, Carl and Ella swap snacks. Then, David and Carl swap snacks. Then, Brad and Frank swap snacks. Then, Frank and David swap snacks. Then, Ella and Anna swap snacks. Finally, David and Grace swap snacks. At the end of the game, Anna has the
Options:
(A) cookie
(B) pretzel
(C) cracker
(D) popcorn
(E) candy
(F) chips
(G) ice cream
A: (D)

Q: Alice, Bob, Claire, Dave, Eve, Fred, and Gertrude are playing a game. At the start of the game, they are each holding a ball: Alice has a green ball, Bob has a brown ball, Claire has a purple ball, Dave has a pink ball, Eve has a white ball, Fred has a red ball, and Gertrude has a orange ball.
As the game progresses, pairs of players trade balls. First, Eve and Dave swap balls. Then, Claire and Eve swap balls. Then, Dave and Claire swap balls. Then, Bob and Fred swap balls. Then, Fred and Dave swap balls. Then, Eve and Alice swap balls. Finally, Dave and Gertrude swap balls. At the end of the game, Alice has the
Options:
(A) green ball
(B) brown ball
(C) purple ball
(D) pink ball
(E) white ball
(F) red ball
(G) orange ball
A: (F)