Task description: A task requiring determining the final positions of a set of objects given their initial positions and a description of a sequence of swaps.

Q: Seven friends are playing a game. At the start of the game, they are each holding a card: Alex has a red card, Ben has a green card, Charlie has a blue card, David has a yellow card, Emma has a purple card, Frank has a white card, and George has a black card.
As the game progresses, pairs of players trade cards. First, Emma and George swap cards. Then, Frank and Ben swap cards. Then, Frank and Charlie swap cards. Then, Emma and Frank swap cards. Then, Frank and Charlie swap cards. Then, Alex and Ben swap cards. Finally, David and George swap cards. At the end of the game, Alex has the
Options:
(A) red card
(B) green card
(C) blue card
(D) yellow card
(E) purple card
(F) white card
(G) black card
A: (A)

Q: Eight students are playing a game. At the start of the game, they are each holding a toy: Amy has a wooden toy, Brian has a plastic toy, Carl has a metal toy, Daniel has a rubber toy, Emily has a cloth toy, Fred has a glass toy, Grace has a stone toy, and Harry has a paper toy.
As the game progresses, pairs of students trade toys. First, Emily and Harry swap toys. Then, Fred and Brian swap toys. Then, Fred and Carl swap toys. Then, Emily and Fred swap toys. Then, Fred and Carl swap toys. Then, Amy and Brian swap toys. Finally, Daniel and Harry swap toys. At the end of the game, Amy has the
Options:
(A) wooden toy
(B) plastic toy
(C) metal toy
(D) rubber toy
(E) cloth toy
(F) glass toy
(G) stone toy
(H) paper toy
A: (A)

Q: Nine friends are playing a game. At the start of the game, they are each holding a coin: Andrew has a copper coin, Beth has a silver coin, Chris has a gold coin, David has a nickel coin, Elizabeth has a bronze coin, Frank has a steel coin, George has a zinc coin, Helen has a lead coin, and Ian has an aluminum coin.
As the game progresses, pairs of friends trade coins. First, Elizabeth and Ian swap coins. Then, Frank and Beth swap coins. Then, Frank and Chris swap coins. Then, Elizabeth and Frank swap coins. Then, Frank and Chris swap coins. Then, Andrew and Beth swap coins. Finally, David and Ian swap coins. At the end of the game, Andrew has the
Options:
(A) copper coin
(B) silver coin
(C) gold coin
(D) nickel coin
(E) bronze coin
(F) steel coin
(G) zinc coin
(H) lead coin
(I) aluminum coin
A: (A)

Q: Alice, Bob, Claire, Dave, Eve, Fred, and Gertrude are playing a game. At the start of the game, they are each holding a ball: Alice has a green ball, Bob has a orange ball, Claire has a white ball, Dave has a pink ball, Eve has a blue ball, Fred has a yellow ball, and Gertrude has a black ball.
As the game progresses, pairs of players trade balls. First, Eve and Gertrude swap balls. Then, Fred and Bob swap balls. Then, Fred and Claire swap balls. Then, Eve and Fred swap balls. Then, Fred and Claire swap balls. Then, Alice and Bob swap balls. Finally, Dave and Gertrude swap balls. At the end of the game, Alice has the
Options:
(A) green ball
(B) orange ball
(C) white ball
(D) pink ball
(E) blue ball
(F) yellow ball
(G) black ball
A: (A)