Task description: A task requiring determining the final positions of a set of objects given their initial positions and a description of a sequence of swaps.

Q: Seven students are taking a test in the same classroom. At the start of the test, they are each assigned to a seat: Student A is sitting in seat 1, Student B is sitting in seat 2, Student C is sitting in seat 3, Student D is sitting in seat 4, Student E is sitting in seat 5, Student F is sitting in seat 6, and Student G is sitting in seat 7.
As the test progresses, pairs of students occasionally swap seats. First, Student A and Student B trade seats. Then, Student B and Student C trade seats. Then, Student C and Student D trade seats. Then, Student D and Student E trade seats. Then, Student E and Student F trade seats. Then, Student F and Student G trade seats. Finally, Student A and Student G trade seats. At the end of the test, Student A is sitting in
Options:
(A) seat 1
(B) seat 2
(C) seat 3
(D) seat 4
(E) seat 5
(F) seat 6
(G) seat 7
A: (G)

Q: Seven friends are playing a game of Monopoly. At the start of the game, they are each assigned to a token: Friend A is playing with the top hat token, Friend B is playing with the car token, Friend C is playing with the thimble token, Friend D is playing with the battleship token, Friend E is playing with the shoe token, Friend F is playing with the wheelbarrow token, and Friend G is playing with the dog token.
As the game progresses, pairs of friends occasionally swap tokens. First, Friend A and Friend B trade tokens. Then, Friend B and Friend C trade tokens. Then, Friend C and Friend D trade tokens. Then, Friend D and Friend E trade tokens. Then, Friend E and Friend F trade tokens. Then, Friend F and Friend G trade tokens. Finally, Friend A and Friend G trade tokens. At the end of the game, Friend A is playing with the
Options:
(A) top hat token
(B) car token
(C) thimble token
(D) battleship token
(E) shoe token
(F) wheelbarrow token
(G) dog token
A: (G)

Q: Seven musicians are performing a concert. At the start of the concert, they are each assigned to an instrument: Musician A is playing the guitar, Musician B is playing the drums, Musician C is playing the keyboard, Musician D is playing the bass, Musician E is playing the violin, Musician F is playing the trumpet, and Musician G is playing the saxophone.
As the concert progresses, pairs of musicians occasionally swap instruments. First, Musician A and Musician B trade instruments. Then, Musician B and Musician C trade instruments. Then, Musician C and Musician D trade instruments. Then, Musician D and Musician E trade instruments. Then, Musician E and Musician F trade instruments. Then, Musician F and Musician G trade instruments. Finally, Musician A and Musician G trade instruments. At the end of the concert, Musician A is playing the
Options:
(A) guitar
(B) drums
(C) keyboard
(D) bass
(E) violin
(F) trumpet
(G) saxophone
A: (G)

Q: Alice, Bob, Claire, Dave, Eve, Fred, and Gertrude are on the same team in a soccer match. At the start of the match, they are each assigned to a position: Alice is playing benchwarmer, Bob is playing striker, Claire is playing right winger, Dave is playing center midfielder, Eve is playing cheerleader, Fred is playing left winger, and Gertrude is playing goalkeeper.
As the game progresses, pairs of players occasionally swap positions. First, Eve and Alice trade positions. Then, Alice and Fred trade positions. Then, Alice and Gertrude trade positions. Then, Bob and Eve trade positions. Then, Alice and Bob trade positions. Then, Eve and Claire trade positions. Finally, Alice and Dave trade positions. At the end of the match, Gertrude is playing
Options:
(A) benchwarmer
(B) striker
(C) right winger
(D) center midfielder
(E) cheerleader
(F) left winger
(G) goalkeeper
A: (B)