Task description: A task requiring determining the final positions of a set of objects given their initial positions and a description of a sequence of swaps.

Q: A group of seven friends are playing a game of musical chairs. At the start of the game, they are each assigned to a chair: Alice is sitting in the red chair, Bob is sitting in the blue chair, Claire is sitting in the green chair, Dave is sitting in the yellow chair, Eve is sitting in the purple chair, Fred is sitting in the orange chair, and Gertrude is sitting in the white chair.
As the game progresses, pairs of players occasionally swap chairs. First, Alice and Claire trade chairs. Then, Gertrude and Bob trade chairs. Then, Eve and Alice trade chairs. Then, Claire and Fred trade chairs. Then, Gertrude and Dave trade chairs. Then, Eve and Fred trade chairs. Finally, Fred and Bob trade chairs. At the end of the game, Dave is sitting in which chair?

Options:
(A) red
(B) blue
(C) green
(D) yellow
(E) purple
(F) orange
(G) white
A: (D)

Q: Seven students are taking a test in a classroom. At the start of the test, they are each assigned to a seat: Alice is sitting in the front row, Bob is sitting in the second row, Claire is sitting in the third row, Dave is sitting in the fourth row, Eve is sitting in the fifth row, Fred is sitting in the sixth row, and Gertrude is sitting in the seventh row.
As the test progresses, pairs of students occasionally swap seats. First, Alice and Claire trade seats. Then, Gertrude and Bob trade seats. Then, Eve and Alice trade seats. Then, Claire and Fred trade seats. Then, Gertrude and Dave trade seats. Then, Eve and Fred trade seats. Finally, Fred and Bob trade seats. At the end of the test, Dave is sitting in which row?

Options:
(A) front
(B) second
(C) third
(D) fourth
(E) fifth
(F) sixth
(G) seventh
A: (D)

Q: Seven friends are playing a game of tag. At the start of the game, they are each assigned to a corner of the room: Alice is in the northwest corner, Bob is in the northeast corner, Claire is in the southwest corner, Dave is in the southeast corner, Eve is in the north corner, Fred is in the east corner, and Gertrude is in the west corner.
As the game progresses, pairs of players occasionally swap corners. First, Alice and Claire trade corners. Then, Gertrude and Bob trade corners. Then, Eve and Alice trade corners. Then, Claire and Fred trade corners. Then, Gertrude and Dave trade corners. Then, Eve and Fred trade corners. Finally, Fred and Bob trade corners. At the end of the game, Dave is in which corner?

Options:
(A) northwest
(B) northeast
(C) southwest
(D) southeast
(E) north
(F) east
(G) west
A: (B)

Q: Alice, Bob, Claire, Dave, Eve, Fred, and Gertrude are on the same team in a soccer match. At the start of the match, they are each assigned to a position: Alice is playing center midfielder, Bob is playing striker, Claire is playing left winger, Dave is playing cheerleader, Eve is playing fullback, Fred is playing right winger, and Gertrude is playing benchwarmer.
As the game progresses, pairs of players occasionally swap positions. First, Alice and Claire trade positions. Then, Gertrude and Bob trade positions. Then, Eve and Alice trade positions. Then, Claire and Fred trade positions. Then, Gertrude and Dave trade positions. Then, Eve and Fred trade positions. Finally, Fred and Bob trade positions. At the end of the match, Dave is playing
Options:
(A) center midfielder
(B) striker
(C) left winger
(D) cheerleader
(E) fullback
(F) right winger
(G) benchwarmer
A: (F)