Task description: A task requiring determining the final positions of a set of objects given their initial positions and a description of a sequence of swaps.

Q: At a game of musical chairs, 8 players are seated in a circle. At the start of the game, the players are seated in the following order: Player 1 is seated next to Player 2, Player 2 is seated next to Player 3, Player 3 is seated next to Player 4, Player 4 is seated next to Player 5, Player 5 is seated next to Player 6, Player 6 is seated next to Player 7, and Player 7 is seated next to Player 8. Throughout the game, the players often switch seats. First, Player 1 and Player 3 switch seats. Then, Player 4 and Player 6 switch seats. Then, Player 2 and Player 5 switch seats. Then, Player 3 and Player 7 switch seats. Then, Player 5 and Player 8 switch seats. Finally, Player 1 and Player 4 switch seats. At the end of the game, Player 1 is seated next to
Options:
(A) Player 2
(B) Player 3
(C) Player 4
(D) Player 5
(E) Player 6
(F) Player 7
(G) Player 8
A: (G)

Q: At a game of tag, 8 children are running around a playground. At the start of the game, the children are running in the following order: Child 1 is running next to Child 2, Child 2 is running next to Child 3, Child 3 is running next to Child 4, Child 4 is running next to Child 5, Child 5 is running next to Child 6, Child 6 is running next to Child 7, and Child 7 is running next to Child 8. Throughout the game, the children often switch positions. First, Child 1 and Child 3 switch positions. Then, Child 4 and Child 6 switch positions. Then, Child 2 and Child 5 switch positions. Then, Child 3 and Child 7 switch positions. Then, Child 5 and Child 8 switch positions. Finally, Child 1 and Child 4 switch positions. At the end of the game, Child 1 is running next to
Options:
(A) Child 2
(B) Child 3
(C) Child 4
(D) Child 5
(E) Child 6
(F) Child 7
(G) Child 8
A: (D)

Q: At a game of chess, 8 pieces are arranged on a board. At the start of the game, the pieces are arranged in the following order: Pawn 1 is next to Pawn 2, Pawn 2 is next to Knight 1, Knight 1 is next to Bishop 1, Bishop 1 is next to Rook 1, Rook 1 is next to Queen, Queen is next to King, and King is next to Pawn 8. Throughout the game, the pieces often switch positions. First, Pawn 1 and Pawn 3 switch positions. Then, Knight 1 and Bishop 2 switch positions. Then, Pawn 2 and Pawn 4 switch positions. Then, Bishop 1 and Rook 2 switch positions. Then, Rook 1 and Queen switch positions. Finally, King and Pawn 8 switch positions. At the end of the game, King is next to
Options:
(A) Pawn 1
(B) Pawn 2
(C) Knight 1
(D) Bishop 1
(E) Rook 1
(F) Queen
(G) Pawn 8
A: (A)

Q: Alice, Bob, Claire, Dave, Eve, Fred, and Gertrude are dancers at a square dance. At the start of a song, they each have a partner: Alice is dancing with Izzi, Bob is dancing with Melissa, Claire is dancing with Jamie, Dave is dancing with Rodrigo, Eve is dancing with Sam, Fred is dancing with Karl, and Gertrude is dancing with Lola.
Throughout the song, the dancers often trade partners. First, Dave and Claire switch partners. Then, Claire and Gertrude switch partners. Then, Dave and Bob switch partners. Then, Fred and Eve switch partners. Then, Dave and Fred switch partners. Then, Claire and Fred switch partners. Finally, Alice and Bob switch partners. At the end of the dance, Alice is dancing with
Options:
(A) Izzi
(B) Melissa
(C) Jamie
(D) Rodrigo
(E) Sam
(F) Karl
(G) Lola
A: (B)