Task description: A task requiring determining the final positions of a set of objects given their initial positions and a description of a sequence of swaps.

Q: At a game of musical chairs, 8 players are competing. At the start of the game, they are arranged in a circle with each player sitting in a chair. Throughout the game, the players often switch chairs. First, Player 1 and Player 8 switch chairs. Then, Player 2 and Player 7 switch chairs. Then, Player 3 and Player 6 switch chairs. Then, Player 4 and Player 5 switch chairs. Finally, Player 5 and Player 8 switch chairs. At the end of the game, Player 8 is sitting in which chair?
Options:
(A) Player 1
(B) Player 2
(C) Player 3
(D) Player 4
(E) Player 5
(F) Player 6
(G) Player 7
A: (G)

Q: At a game of rock-paper-scissors, 8 players are competing. At the start of the game, they are arranged in a circle with each player holding a hand sign. Throughout the game, the players often switch hand signs. First, Player 1 and Player 8 switch hand signs. Then, Player 2 and Player 7 switch hand signs. Then, Player 3 and Player 6 switch hand signs. Then, Player 4 and Player 5 switch hand signs. Finally, Player 5 and Player 8 switch hand signs. At the end of the game, Player 8 is holding which hand sign?
Options:
(A) Rock
(B) Paper
(C) Scissors
(D) Lizard
(E) Spock
(F) Gun
(G) Flag
A: (A)

Q: At a game of tag, 8 players are competing. At the start of the game, they are arranged in a circle with each player designated as either "it" or "not it". Throughout the game, the players often switch roles. First, Player 1 and Player 8 switch roles. Then, Player 2 and Player 7 switch roles. Then, Player 3 and Player 6 switch roles. Then, Player 4 and Player 5 switch roles. Finally, Player 5 and Player 8 switch roles. At the end of the game, Player 8 is designated as which role?
Options:
(A) It
(B) Not it
A: (A)

Q: Alice, Bob, Claire, Dave, Eve, Fred, and Gertrude are dancers at a square dance. At the start of a song, they each have a partner: Alice is dancing with Melissa, Bob is dancing with Lola, Claire is dancing with Patrick, Dave is dancing with Sam, Eve is dancing with Izzi, Fred is dancing with Helga, and Gertrude is dancing with Rodrigo.
Throughout the song, the dancers often trade partners. First, Fred and Gertrude switch partners. Then, Claire and Fred switch partners. Then, Dave and Alice switch partners. Then, Alice and Bob switch partners. Then, Gertrude and Eve switch partners. Then, Dave and Gertrude switch partners. Finally, Alice and Dave switch partners. At the end of the dance, Dave is dancing with
Options:
(A) Melissa
(B) Lola
(C) Patrick
(D) Sam
(E) Izzi
(F) Helga
(G) Rodrigo
A: (F)