Following is an example instance for the task: A logical deduction task which requires deducing the order of a sequence of objects. Please come up with 3 new , diverse, and creative instances for the task.
Example instance:
Q: The following paragraphs each describe a set of five objects arranged in a fixed order. The statements are logically consistent within each paragraph. A fruit stand sells five fruits: kiwis, pears, peaches, loquats, and apples. The loquats are more expensive than the kiwis. The pears are more expensive than the peaches. The apples are more expensive than the loquats. The apples are less expensive than the peaches.
Options:
(A) The kiwis are the second-cheapest
(B) The pears are the second-cheapest
(C) The peaches are the second-cheapest
(D) The loquats are the second-cheapest
(E) The apples are the second-cheapest

New instance 1:
Q: A toy store sells five stuffed animals: bears, cats, dogs, rabbits, and monkeys. The cats are bigger than the rabbits. The dogs are bigger than the cats. The monkeys are bigger than the dogs. The bears are bigger than the monkeys.
Options:
(A) The rabbits are the smallest
(B) The cats are the smallest
(C) The dogs are the smallest
(D) The monkeys are the smallest
(E) The bears are the smallest

New instance 2:
Q: A bakery sells five types of bread: rye, wheat, sourdough, pumpernickel, and focaccia. The rye is sweeter than the wheat. The sourdough is sweeter than the pumpernickel. The focaccia is sweeter than the rye. The pumpernickel is sweeter than the focaccia.
Options:
(A) The wheat is the least sweet
(B) The rye is the least sweet
(C) The sourdough is the least sweet
(D) The pumpernickel is the least sweet
(E) The focaccia is the least sweet

New instance 3:
Q: A pet store sells five types of fish: guppies, tetras, angelfish, mollies, and cichlids. The guppies are more colorful than the tetras. The angelfish are more colorful than the mollies. The mollies are more colorful than the cichlids. The cichlids are more colorful than the guppies.
Options:
(A) The tetras are the least colorful
(B) The guppies are the least colorful
(C) The angelfish are the least colorful
(D) The mollies are the least colorful
(E) The cichlids are the least colorful