Following is an example instance for the task: A logical deduction task which requires deducing the order of a sequence of objects. Please come up with 3 new , diverse, and creative instances for the task.
Example instance:
Q: The following paragraphs each describe a set of five objects arranged in a fixed order. The statements are logically consistent within each paragraph. On a shelf, there are five books: a yellow book, a gray book, a red book, a black book, and a white book. The gray book is to the left of the yellow book. The white book is to the left of the red book. The black book is to the right of the red book. The black book is to the left of the gray book.
Options:
(A) The yellow book is the rightmost
(B) The gray book is the rightmost
(C) The red book is the rightmost
(D) The black book is the rightmost
(E) The white book is the rightmost

New instance 1:
Q: On a shelf, there are five cups: a blue cup, a green cup, a yellow cup, a pink cup, and a purple cup. The green cup is to the left of the blue cup. The yellow cup is to the left of the pink cup. The purple cup is to the right of the pink cup. The purple cup is to the left of the green cup.
Options:
(A) The blue cup is the rightmost
(B) The green cup is the rightmost
(C) The yellow cup is the rightmost
(D) The pink cup is the rightmost
(E) The purple cup is the rightmost

New instance 2:
Q: On a shelf, there are five toys: a wooden toy, a plastic toy, a metal toy, a cloth toy, and a rubber toy. The plastic toy is to the left of the wooden toy. The metal toy is to the left of the cloth toy. The rubber toy is to the right of the cloth toy. The rubber toy is to the left of the plastic toy.
Options:
(A) The wooden toy is the rightmost
(B) The plastic toy is the rightmost
(C) The metal toy is the rightmost
(D) The cloth toy is the rightmost
(E) The rubber toy is the rightmost

New instance 3:
Q: On a shelf, there are five stones: a quartz stone, a jade stone, an obsidian stone, an amethyst stone, and a turquoise stone. The jade stone is to the left of the quartz stone. The obsidian stone is to the left of the amethyst stone. The turquoise stone is to the right of the amethyst stone. The turquoise stone is to the left of the jade stone.
Options:
(A) The quartz stone is the rightmost
(B) The jade stone is the rightmost
(C) The obsidian stone is the rightmost
(D) The amethyst stone is the rightmost
(E) The turquoise stone is the rightmost