Following is an example instance for the task: A logical deduction task which requires deducing the order of a sequence of objects. Please come up with 3 new , diverse, and creative instances for the task.
Example instance:
Q: The following paragraphs each describe a set of five objects arranged in a fixed order. The statements are logically consistent within each paragraph. On a branch, there are five birds: a quail, an owl, a raven, a falcon, and a robin. The owl is the leftmost. The robin is to the left of the raven. The quail is the rightmost. The raven is the third from the left.
Options:
(A) The quail is the second from the right
(B) The owl is the second from the right
(C) The raven is the second from the right
(D) The falcon is the second from the right
(E) The robin is the second from the right

New instance 1:
Q: In a garden, there are five flowers: a rose, a tulip, a daisy, a lily, and a sunflower. The tulip is the leftmost. The sunflower is to the left of the lily. The rose is the rightmost. The lily is the third from the left.
Options:
(A) The rose is the second from the right
(B) The tulip is the second from the right
(C) The daisy is the second from the right
(D) The lily is the second from the right
(E) The sunflower is the second from the right

New instance 2:
Q: In a classroom, there are five students: a girl, a boy, a teacher, a principal, and a janitor. The girl is the leftmost. The principal is to the left of the teacher. The boy is the rightmost. The teacher is the third from the left.
Options:
(A) The boy is the second from the right
(B) The girl is the second from the right
(C) The teacher is the second from the right
(D) The principal is the second from the right
(E) The janitor is the second from the right

New instance 3:
Q: In a kitchen, there are five utensils: a spoon, a fork, a knife, a ladle, and a spatula. The spoon is the leftmost. The ladle is to the left of the knife. The fork is the rightmost. The knife is the third from the left.
Options:
(A) The fork is the second from the right
(B) The spoon is the second from the right
(C) The knife is the second from the right
(D) The ladle is the second from the right
(E) The spatula is the second from the right