Following is an example instance for the task: A logical deduction task which requires deducing the order of a sequence of objects. Please come up with 3 new , diverse, and creative instances for the task.
Example instance:
Q: The following paragraphs each describe a set of five objects arranged in a fixed order. The statements are logically consistent within each paragraph. On a shelf, there are five books: a yellow book, a green book, a gray book, a blue book, and an orange book. The gray book is to the left of the green book. The gray book is the second from the right. The yellow book is to the right of the orange book. The blue book is the second from the left.
Options:
(A) The yellow book is the leftmost
(B) The green book is the leftmost
(C) The gray book is the leftmost
(D) The blue book is the leftmost
(E) The orange book is the leftmost

New instance 1:
Q: On a shelf, there are five cups: a red cup, a yellow cup, a green cup, a blue cup, and a purple cup. The yellow cup is to the left of the green cup. The yellow cup is the second from the right. The red cup is to the right of the purple cup. The blue cup is the second from the left.
Options:
(A) The red cup is the leftmost
(B) The yellow cup is the leftmost
(C) The green cup is the leftmost
(D) The blue cup is the leftmost
(E) The purple cup is the leftmost

New instance 2:
Q: On a shelf, there are five toys: a wooden toy, a plastic toy, a metal toy, a cloth toy, and a rubber toy. The metal toy is to the left of the plastic toy. The metal toy is the second from the right. The wooden toy is to the right of the rubber toy. The cloth toy is the second from the left.
Options:
(A) The wooden toy is the leftmost
(B) The plastic toy is the leftmost
(C) The metal toy is the leftmost
(D) The cloth toy is the leftmost
(E) The rubber toy is the leftmost

New instance 3:
Q: On a shelf, there are five fruits: an apple, a banana, an orange, a pear, and a grape. The orange is to the left of the banana. The orange is the second from the right. The apple is to the right of the grape. The pear is the second from the left.
Options:
(A) The apple is the leftmost
(B) The banana is the leftmost
(C) The orange is the leftmost
(D) The pear is the leftmost
(E) The grape is the leftmost