Following is an example instance for the task: A logical deduction task which requires deducing the order of a sequence of objects. Please come up with 3 new , diverse, and creative instances for the task.
Example instance:
Q: The following paragraphs each describe a set of five objects arranged in a fixed order. The statements are logically consistent within each paragraph. On a branch, there are five birds: a quail, a hummingbird, a blue jay, a hawk, and a robin. The robin is the second from the left. The quail is the leftmost. The blue jay is to the left of the hummingbird. The hawk is the third from the left.
Options:
(A) The quail is the rightmost
(B) The hummingbird is the rightmost
(C) The blue jay is the rightmost
(D) The hawk is the rightmost
(E) The robin is the rightmost

New instance 1:
Q: In a row of five books, the first book is a mystery novel, the second book is a romance novel, the third book is a science fiction novel, the fourth book is a fantasy novel, and the fifth book is a horror novel. The horror novel is the second from the left. The mystery novel is the leftmost. The science fiction novel is to the left of the fantasy novel. The fantasy novel is the third from the left.
Options:
(A) The mystery novel is the rightmost
(B) The romance novel is the rightmost
(C) The science fiction novel is the rightmost
(D) The fantasy novel is the rightmost
(E) The horror novel is the rightmost

New instance 2:
Q: In a row of five musical instruments, the first instrument is a violin, the second instrument is a cello, the third instrument is a flute, the fourth instrument is a clarinet, and the fifth instrument is a trumpet. The trumpet is the second from the left. The violin is the leftmost. The flute is to the left of the clarinet. The clarinet is the third from the left.
Options:
(A) The violin is the rightmost
(B) The cello is the rightmost
(C) The flute is the rightmost
(D) The clarinet is the rightmost
(E) The trumpet is the rightmost

New instance 3:
Q: In a row of five animals, the first animal is a lion, the second animal is a tiger, the third animal is a bear, the fourth animal is a wolf, and the fifth animal is a fox. The fox is the second from the left. The lion is the leftmost. The bear is to the left of the wolf. The wolf is the third from the left.
Options:
(A) The lion is the rightmost
(B) The tiger is the rightmost
(C) The bear is the rightmost
(D) The wolf is the rightmost
(E) The fox is the rightmost