Following is an example instance for the task: A logical deduction task which requires deducing the order of a sequence of objects. Please come up with 3 new , diverse, and creative instances for the task.
Example instance:
Q: The following paragraphs each describe a set of five objects arranged in a fixed order. The statements are logically consistent within each paragraph. On a branch, there are five birds: a quail, an owl, a raven, a falcon, and a robin. The owl is the leftmost. The robin is to the left of the raven. The quail is the rightmost. The raven is the third from the left.
Options:
(A) The quail is the third from the left
(B) The owl is the third from the left
(C) The raven is the third from the left
(D) The falcon is the third from the left
(E) The robin is the third from the left

New instance 1:
Q: In a row of five books, the first book is a novel, the second book is a biography, the third book is a cookbook, the fourth book is a dictionary, and the fifth book is a comic book. The novel is the leftmost. The comic book is to the left of the dictionary. The biography is the rightmost. The dictionary is the third from the left.
Options:
(A) The novel is the third from the left
(B) The biography is the third from the left
(C) The cookbook is the third from the left
(D) The dictionary is the third from the left
(E) The comic book is the third from the left

New instance 2:
Q: In a row of five cars, the first car is a Ferrari, the second car is a Lamborghini, the third car is a Porsche, the fourth car is a Mercedes, and the fifth car is a BMW. The Ferrari is the leftmost. The BMW is to the left of the Mercedes. The Lamborghini is the rightmost. The Mercedes is the third from the left.
Options:
(A) The Ferrari is the third from the left
(B) The Lamborghini is the third from the left
(C) The Porsche is the third from the left
(D) The Mercedes is the third from the left
(E) The BMW is the third from the left

New instance 3:
Q: In a row of five animals, the first animal is a lion, the second animal is a tiger, the third animal is a bear, the fourth animal is a wolf, and the fifth animal is a fox. The lion is the leftmost. The fox is to the left of the wolf. The tiger is the rightmost. The wolf is the third from the left.
Options:
(A) The lion is the third from the left
(B) The tiger is the third from the left
(C) The bear is the third from the left
(D) The wolf is the third from the left
(E) The fox is the third from the left