Following is an example instance for the task: A logical deduction task which requires deducing the order of a sequence of objects. Please come up with 3 new , diverse, and creative instances for the task.
Example instance:
Q: The following paragraphs each describe a set of five objects arranged in a fixed order. The statements are logically consistent within each paragraph. On a branch, there are five birds: an owl, a cardinal, a robin, a hummingbird, and a crow. The hummingbird is to the left of the owl. The hummingbird is to the right of the cardinal. The crow is to the left of the robin. The owl is to the left of the crow.
Options:
(A) The owl is the second from the left
(B) The cardinal is the second from the left
(C) The robin is the second from the left
(D) The hummingbird is the second from the left
(E) The crow is the second from the left

New instance 1:
Q: In a row of five books, the first book is a novel, the second book is a biography, the third book is a cookbook, the fourth book is a history book, and the fifth book is a children's book. The biography is to the left of the cookbook. The history book is to the left of the children's book. The novel is to the left of the biography. The cookbook is to the left of the history book.
Options:
(A) The novel is the second from the left
(B) The biography is the second from the left
(C) The cookbook is the second from the left
(D) The history book is the second from the left
(E) The children's book is the second from the left

New instance 2:
Q: In a row of five musical instruments, the first instrument is a guitar, the second instrument is a flute, the third instrument is a violin, the fourth instrument is a trumpet, and the fifth instrument is a drum. The flute is to the left of the violin. The trumpet is to the left of the drum. The guitar is to the left of the flute. The violin is to the left of the trumpet.
Options:
(A) The guitar is the second from the left
(B) The flute is the second from the left
(C) The violin is the second from the left
(D) The trumpet is the second from the left
(E) The drum is the second from the left

New instance 3:
Q: In a row of five animals, the first animal is a lion, the second animal is a tiger, the third animal is a bear, the fourth animal is a wolf, and the fifth animal is a fox. The tiger is to the left of the bear. The wolf is to the left of the fox. The lion is to the left of the tiger. The bear is to the left of the wolf.
Options:
(A) The lion is the second from the left
(B) The tiger is the second from the left
(C) The bear is the second from the left
(D) The wolf is the second from the left
(E) The fox is the second from the left