Following is an example instance for the task: A logical deduction task which requires deducing the order of a sequence of objects. Please come up with 3 new , diverse, and creative instances for the task.
Example instance:
Q: The following paragraphs each describe a set of five objects arranged in a fixed order. The statements are logically consistent within each paragraph. On a shelf, there are five books: a green book, an orange book, a gray book, a yellow book, and a purple book. The green book is the rightmost. The gray book is to the right of the orange book. The purple book is to the left of the yellow book. The purple book is to the right of the gray book.
Options:
(A) The green book is the second from the right
(B) The orange book is the second from the right
(C) The gray book is the second from the right
(D) The yellow book is the second from the right
(E) The purple book is the second from the right

New instance 1:
Q: On a shelf, there are five cups: a red cup, a blue cup, a white cup, a black cup, and a green cup. The red cup is the leftmost. The blue cup is to the right of the white cup. The green cup is to the left of the black cup. The green cup is to the right of the blue cup.
Options:
(A) The red cup is the second from the right
(B) The blue cup is the second from the right
(C) The white cup is the second from the right
(D) The black cup is the second from the right
(E) The green cup is the second from the right

New instance 2:
Q: On a shelf, there are five toys: a red toy, a blue toy, a white toy, a black toy, and a green toy. The red toy is the rightmost. The blue toy is to the left of the white toy. The green toy is to the right of the black toy. The green toy is to the left of the blue toy.
Options:
(A) The red toy is the second from the right
(B) The blue toy is the second from the right
(C) The white toy is the second from the right
(D) The black toy is the second from the right
(E) The green toy is the second from the right

New instance 3:
Q: On a shelf, there are five boxes: a red box, a blue box, a white box, a black box, and a green box. The red box is the leftmost. The blue box is to the right of the white box. The green box is to the left of the black box. The green box is to the right of the blue box.
Options:
(A) The red box is the second from the right
(B) The blue box is the second from the right
(C) The white box is the second from the right
(D) The black box is the second from the right
(E) The green box is the second from the right