Following is an example instance for the task: A logical deduction task which requires deducing the order of a sequence of objects. Please come up with 3 new , diverse, and creative instances for the task.
Example instance:
Q: The following paragraphs each describe a set of five objects arranged in a fixed order. The statements are logically consistent within each paragraph. On a branch, there are five birds: an owl, a crow, a raven, a robin, and a cardinal. The raven is to the right of the owl. The raven is the second from the left. The robin is to the left of the crow. The robin is the second from the right.
Options:
(A) The owl is the third from the left
(B) The crow is the third from the left
(C) The raven is the third from the left
(D) The robin is the third from the left
(E) The cardinal is the third from the left

New instance 1:
Q: In a row of five books, the first book is a novel, the second book is a biography, the third book is a cookbook, the fourth book is a dictionary, and the fifth book is a textbook. The biography is to the right of the novel. The dictionary is the second from the left. The textbook is to the left of the cookbook. The textbook is the second from the right.
Options:
(A) The novel is the third from the left
(B) The biography is the third from the left
(C) The cookbook is the third from the left
(D) The dictionary is the third from the left
(E) The textbook is the third from the left

New instance 2:
Q: In a row of five cars, the first car is a Ford, the second car is a Honda, the third car is a Toyota, the fourth car is a Nissan, and the fifth car is a Chevrolet. The Honda is to the right of the Ford. The Nissan is the second from the left. The Chevrolet is to the left of the Toyota. The Chevrolet is the second from the right.
Options:
(A) The Ford is the third from the left
(B) The Honda is the third from the left
(C) The Toyota is the third from the left
(D) The Nissan is the third from the left
(E) The Chevrolet is the third from the left

New instance 3:
Q: In a row of five animals, the first animal is a lion, the second animal is a tiger, the third animal is a bear, the fourth animal is a wolf, and the fifth animal is a fox. The tiger is to the right of the lion. The bear is the second from the left. The fox is to the left of the wolf. The fox is the second from the right.
Options:
(A) The lion is the third from the left
(B) The tiger is the third from the left
(C) The bear is the third from the left
(D) The wolf is the third from the left
(E) The fox is the third from the left