Following is an example instance for the task: A logical deduction task which requires deducing the order of a sequence of objects. Please come up with 3 new , diverse, and creative instances for the task.
Example instance:
Q: The following paragraphs each describe a set of five objects arranged in a fixed order. The statements are logically consistent within each paragraph. In an antique car show, there are five vehicles: a tractor, a station wagon, a bus, a motorcyle, and a minivan. The minivan is older than the motorcyle. The bus is the newest. The tractor is the third-newest. The station wagon is the second-oldest.
Options:
(A) The tractor is the third-newest
(B) The station wagon is the third-newest
(C) The bus is the third-newest
(D) The motorcyle is the third-newest
(E) The minivan is the third-newest

New instance 1:
Q: At a pet store, there are five animals: a parrot, a hamster, a guinea pig, a rabbit, and a snake. The snake is the oldest. The guinea pig is the second-oldest. The rabbit is the third-oldest. The hamster is the fourth-oldest. The parrot is the youngest.
Options:
(A) The parrot is the third-oldest
(B) The hamster is the third-oldest
(C) The guinea pig is the third-oldest
(D) The rabbit is the third-oldest
(E) The snake is the third-oldest

New instance 2:
Q: At a toy store, there are five dolls: a Barbie, a Ken, a baby doll, a superhero doll, and a stuffed animal. The stuffed animal is the oldest. The baby doll is the second-oldest. The superhero doll is the third-oldest. The Ken is the fourth-oldest. The Barbie is the youngest.
Options:
(A) The Barbie is the third-oldest
(B) The Ken is the third-oldest
(C) The baby doll is the third-oldest
(D) The superhero doll is the third-oldest
(E) The stuffed animal is the third-oldest

New instance 3:
Q: At a library, there are five books: a mystery novel, a romance novel, a science fiction novel, a biography, and a cookbook. The cookbook is the oldest. The biography is the second-oldest. The science fiction novel is the third-oldest. The romance novel is the fourth-oldest. The mystery novel is the youngest.
Options:
(A) The mystery novel is the third-oldest
(B) The romance novel is the third-oldest
(C) The science fiction novel is the third-oldest
(D) The biography is the third-oldest
(E) The cookbook is the third-oldest