Following is an example instance for the task: A logical deduction task which requires deducing the order of a sequence of objects. Please come up with 3 new , diverse, and creative instances for the task.
Example instance:
Q: The following paragraphs each describe a set of five objects arranged in a fixed order. The statements are logically consistent within each paragraph. On a branch, there are five birds: a blue jay, a cardinal, a hawk, a hummingbird, and a quail. The quail is to the left of the blue jay. The cardinal is the third from the left. The quail is the second from the left. The blue jay is to the left of the hummingbird.
Options:
(A) The blue jay is the second from the left
(B) The cardinal is the second from the left
(C) The hawk is the second from the left
(D) The hummingbird is the second from the left
(E) The quail is the second from the left

New instance 1:
Q: In a row of five books, the first book is a mystery novel, the second book is a romance novel, the third book is a science fiction novel, the fourth book is a fantasy novel, and the fifth book is a horror novel. The horror novel is to the left of the romance novel. The science fiction novel is the third from the left. The horror novel is the second from the left. The romance novel is to the left of the fantasy novel.
Options:
(A) The mystery novel is the second from the left
(B) The romance novel is the second from the left
(C) The science fiction novel is the second from the left
(D) The fantasy novel is the second from the left
(E) The horror novel is the second from the left

New instance 2:
Q: In a row of five cars, the first car is a Ford, the second car is a Honda, the third car is a Toyota, the fourth car is a Nissan, and the fifth car is a Chevrolet. The Chevrolet is to the left of the Honda. The Toyota is the third from the left. The Chevrolet is the second from the left. The Honda is to the left of the Nissan.
Options:
(A) The Ford is the second from the left
(B) The Honda is the second from the left
(C) The Toyota is the second from the left
(D) The Nissan is the second from the left
(E) The Chevrolet is the second from the left

New instance 3:
Q: In a row of five fruits, the first fruit is an apple, the second fruit is an orange, the third fruit is a banana, the fourth fruit is a grape, and the fifth fruit is a strawberry. The strawberry is to the left of the orange. The banana is the third from the left. The strawberry is the second from the left. The orange is to the left of the grape.
Options:
(A) The apple is the second from the left
(B) The orange is the second from the left
(C) The banana is the second from the left
(D) The grape is the second from the left
(E) The strawberry is the second from the left