Following is an example instance for the task: A logical deduction task which requires deducing the order of a sequence of objects. Please come up with 3 new , diverse, and creative instances for the task.
Example instance:
Q: The following paragraphs each describe a set of five objects arranged in a fixed order. The statements are logically consistent within each paragraph. In an antique car show, there are five vehicles: a convertible, a truck, a bus, a sedan, and a motorcyle. The bus is newer than the truck. The truck is newer than the convertible. The sedan is the second-oldest. The motorcyle is newer than the bus.
Options:
(A) The convertible is the second-newest
(B) The truck is the second-newest
(C) The bus is the second-newest
(D) The sedan is the second-newest
(E) The motorcyle is the second-newest

New instance 1:
Q: At a pet store, there are five animals: a parrot, a hamster, a turtle, a rabbit, and a guinea pig. The turtle is older than the hamster. The hamster is older than the parrot. The rabbit is the second-youngest. The guinea pig is older than the turtle.
Options:
(A) The parrot is the second-oldest
(B) The hamster is the second-oldest
(C) The turtle is the second-oldest
(D) The rabbit is the second-oldest
(E) The guinea pig is the second-oldest

New instance 2:
Q: At a music festival, there are five bands: a rock band, a jazz band, a classical band, a pop band, and a hip-hop band. The jazz band is newer than the rock band. The rock band is newer than the classical band. The pop band is the second-oldest. The hip-hop band is newer than the jazz band.
Options:
(A) The classical band is the second-newest
(B) The rock band is the second-newest
(C) The jazz band is the second-newest
(D) The pop band is the second-newest
(E) The hip-hop band is the second-newest

New instance 3:
Q: At a toy store, there are five dolls: a Barbie, a Ken, a G.I. Joe, a Cabbage Patch Kid, and a Bratz. The G.I. Joe is older than the Ken. The Ken is older than the Barbie. The Cabbage Patch Kid is the second-youngest. The Bratz is older than the G.I. Joe.
Options:
(A) The Barbie is the second-oldest
(B) The Ken is the second-oldest
(C) The G.I. Joe is the second-oldest
(D) The Cabbage Patch Kid is the second-oldest
(E) The Bratz is the second-oldest