Following is an example instance for the task: A logical deduction task which requires deducing the order of a sequence of objects. Please come up with 3 new , diverse, and creative instances for the task.
Example instance:
Q: The following paragraphs each describe a set of five objects arranged in a fixed order. The statements are logically consistent within each paragraph. On a branch, there are five birds: an owl, a crow, a raven, a robin, and a cardinal. The raven is to the right of the owl. The raven is the second from the left. The robin is to the left of the crow. The robin is the second from the right.
Options:
(A) The owl is the leftmost
(B) The crow is the leftmost
(C) The raven is the leftmost
(D) The robin is the leftmost
(E) The cardinal is the leftmost

New instance 1:
Q: In a row of five books, the first book is a novel, the second book is a biography, the third book is a cookbook, the fourth book is a dictionary, and the fifth book is a textbook. The biography is to the right of the novel. The cookbook is the second from the left. The dictionary is to the left of the textbook. The dictionary is the second from the right.
Options:
(A) The novel is the leftmost
(B) The biography is the leftmost
(C) The cookbook is the leftmost
(D) The dictionary is the leftmost
(E) The textbook is the leftmost

New instance 2:
Q: In a row of five musical instruments, the first instrument is a guitar, the second instrument is a flute, the third instrument is a violin, the fourth instrument is a trumpet, and the fifth instrument is a drum. The flute is to the right of the guitar. The violin is the second from the left. The trumpet is to the left of the drum. The trumpet is the second from the right.
Options:
(A) The guitar is the leftmost
(B) The flute is the leftmost
(C) The violin is the leftmost
(D) The trumpet is the leftmost
(E) The drum is the leftmost

New instance 3:
Q: In a row of five animals, the first animal is a lion, the second animal is a tiger, the third animal is a bear, the fourth animal is a wolf, and the fifth animal is a fox. The tiger is to the right of the lion. The bear is the second from the left. The wolf is to the left of the fox. The wolf is the second from the right.
Options:
(A) The lion is the leftmost
(B) The tiger is the leftmost
(C) The bear is the leftmost
(D) The wolf is the leftmost
(E) The fox is the leftmost