Following is an example instance for the task: A logical deduction task which requires deducing the order of a sequence of objects. Please come up with 3 new , diverse, and creative instances for the task.
Example instance:
Q: The following paragraphs each describe a set of five objects arranged in a fixed order. The statements are logically consistent within each paragraph. On a shelf, there are five books: a white book, a green book, a brown book, a gray book, and an orange book. The gray book is to the right of the orange book. The green book is the second from the right. The brown book is to the right of the white book. The brown book is to the left of the orange book.
Options:
(A) The white book is the third from the left
(B) The green book is the third from the left
(C) The brown book is the third from the left
(D) The gray book is the third from the left
(E) The orange book is the third from the left

New instance 1:
Q: On a shelf, there are five cups: a red cup, a blue cup, a yellow cup, a green cup, and a purple cup. The yellow cup is to the right of the purple cup. The green cup is the second from the right. The blue cup is to the right of the red cup. The blue cup is to the left of the purple cup.
Options:
(A) The red cup is the third from the left
(B) The green cup is the third from the left
(C) The blue cup is the third from the left
(D) The yellow cup is the third from the left
(E) The purple cup is the third from the left

New instance 2:
Q: On a shelf, there are five toys: a wooden toy, a plastic toy, a metal toy, a cloth toy, and a rubber toy. The metal toy is to the right of the rubber toy. The cloth toy is the second from the right. The plastic toy is to the right of the wooden toy. The plastic toy is to the left of the rubber toy.
Options:
(A) The wooden toy is the third from the left
(B) The cloth toy is the third from the left
(C) The plastic toy is the third from the left
(D) The metal toy is the third from the left
(E) The rubber toy is the third from the left

New instance 3:
Q: On a shelf, there are five fruits: an apple, a banana, an orange, a pear, and a grape. The orange is to the right of the grape. The pear is the second from the right. The banana is to the right of the apple. The banana is to the left of the grape.
Options:
(A) The apple is the third from the left
(B) The pear is the third from the left
(C) The banana is the third from the left
(D) The orange is the third from the left
(E) The grape is the third from the left