Following is an example instance for the task: A logical deduction task which requires deducing the order of a sequence of objects. Please come up with 3 new , diverse, and creative instances for the task.
Example instance:
Q: The following paragraphs each describe a set of five objects arranged in a fixed order. The statements are logically consistent within each paragraph. On a shelf, there are five books: a white book, a green book, a brown book, a gray book, and an orange book. The gray book is to the right of the orange book. The green book is the second from the right. The brown book is to the right of the white book. The brown book is to the left of the orange book.
Options:
(A) The white book is the rightmost
(B) The green book is the rightmost
(C) The brown book is the rightmost
(D) The gray book is the rightmost
(E) The orange book is the rightmost

New instance 1:
Q: On a shelf, there are five cups: a red cup, a blue cup, a yellow cup, a green cup, and a purple cup. The yellow cup is to the right of the purple cup. The green cup is the second from the right. The blue cup is to the right of the red cup. The blue cup is to the left of the purple cup.
Options:
(A) The red cup is the rightmost
(B) The green cup is the rightmost
(C) The blue cup is the rightmost
(D) The yellow cup is the rightmost
(E) The purple cup is the rightmost

New instance 2:
Q: On a shelf, there are five toys: a wooden toy, a plastic toy, a metal toy, a cloth toy, and a rubber toy. The metal toy is to the right of the rubber toy. The plastic toy is the second from the right. The wooden toy is to the right of the cloth toy. The wooden toy is to the left of the rubber toy.
Options:
(A) The cloth toy is the rightmost
(B) The plastic toy is the rightmost
(C) The wooden toy is the rightmost
(D) The metal toy is the rightmost
(E) The rubber toy is the rightmost

New instance 3:
Q: On a shelf, there are five boxes: a red box, a blue box, a yellow box, a green box, and a purple box. The yellow box is to the right of the purple box. The green box is the second from the right. The blue box is to the right of the red box. The blue box is to the left of the purple box.
Options:
(A) The red box is the rightmost
(B) The green box is the rightmost
(C) The blue box is the rightmost
(D) The yellow box is the rightmost
(E) The purple box is the rightmost