Task description: A task requiring determining the final positions of a set of objects given their initial positions and a description of a sequence of swaps.

Q: Five students are playing a game of musical chairs. At the start of the game, they each have a chair: Alex is sitting in chair 1, Ben is sitting in chair 2, Charlie is sitting in chair 3, David is sitting in chair 4, and Emily is sitting in chair 5.
Throughout the game, the students often switch chairs. First, Alex and Ben switch chairs. Then, Alex and Charlie switch chairs. Then, Ben and Charlie switch chairs. Then, David and Emily switch chairs. Finally, Alex and Ben switch chairs. At the end of the game, Alex is sitting in
Options:
(A) Chair 1
(B) Chair 2
(C) Chair 3
(D) Chair 4
(E) Chair 5
A: (A)

Q: Five friends are playing a game of rock-paper-scissors. At the start of the game, they each have a hand sign: Adam is showing rock, Brad is showing paper, Carl is showing scissors, Dan is showing rock, and Eric is showing paper.
Throughout the game, the friends often switch hand signs. First, Adam and Brad switch hand signs. Then, Adam and Carl switch hand signs. Then, Brad and Carl switch hand signs. Then, Dan and Eric switch hand signs. Finally, Adam and Brad switch hand signs. At the end of the game, Adam is showing
Options:
(A) Rock
(B) Paper
(C) Scissors
(D) Rock
(E) Paper
A: (E)

Q: Five children are playing a game of tag. At the start of the game, they each have a starting position: Amy is standing at the front door, Brian is standing at the back door, Carl is standing at the left window, Dan is standing at the right window, and Emily is standing at the center of the room.
Throughout the game, the children often switch positions. First, Amy and Brian switch positions. Then, Amy and Carl switch positions. Then, Brian and Carl switch positions. Then, Dan and Emily switch positions. Finally, Amy and Brian switch positions. At the end of the game, Amy is standing at
Options:
(A) The front door
(B) The back door
(C) The left window
(D) The right window
(E) The center of the room
A: (B)

Q: Alice, Bob, Claire, Dave, and Eve are dancers at a square dance. At the start of a song, they each have a partner: Alice is dancing with Patrick, Bob is dancing with Sam, Claire is dancing with Jamie, Dave is dancing with Lola, and Eve is dancing with Melissa.
Throughout the song, the dancers often trade partners. First, Dave and Eve switch partners. Then, Dave and Alice switch partners. Then, Eve and Alice switch partners. Then, Claire and Bob switch partners. Finally, Dave and Alice switch partners. At the end of the dance, Alice is dancing with
Options:
(A) Patrick
(B) Sam
(C) Jamie
(D) Lola
(E) Melissa
A: (D)