Task description: A task requiring determining the final positions of a set of objects given their initial positions and a description of a sequence of swaps.

Q: Five students are playing a game of musical chairs. At the start of the game, each student is sitting in a chair: Alex is in chair 1, Ben is in chair 2, Charlie is in chair 3, David is in chair 4, and Emily is in chair 5.
Throughout the game, the students often switch chairs. First, Alex and Ben switch chairs. Then, Charlie and Alex switch chairs. Then, David and Charlie switch chairs. Then, David and Emily switch chairs. Finally, Ben and Emily switch chairs. At the end of the game, Emily is sitting in
Options:
(A) Chair 1
(B) Chair 2
(C) Chair 3
(D) Chair 4
(E) Chair 5
A: (E)

Q: Five friends are playing a game of rock-paper-scissors. At the start of the game, each friend is assigned a hand gesture: Alex is using rock, Ben is using paper, Charlie is using scissors, David is using rock, and Emily is using paper.
Throughout the game, the friends often switch hand gestures. First, Alex and Ben switch hand gestures. Then, Charlie and Alex switch hand gestures. Then, David and Charlie switch hand gestures. Then, David and Emily switch hand gestures. Finally, Ben and Emily switch hand gestures. At the end of the game, Emily is using
Options:
(A) Rock
(B) Paper
(C) Scissors
(D) Rock
(E) Paper
A: (E)

Q: Five chefs are competing in a cooking competition. At the start of the competition, each chef is assigned a dish to prepare: Alex is preparing a soup, Ben is preparing a salad, Charlie is preparing a main course, David is preparing a dessert, and Emily is preparing an appetizer.
Throughout the competition, the chefs often switch dishes. First, Alex and Ben switch dishes. Then, Charlie and Alex switch dishes. Then, David and Charlie switch dishes. Then, David and Emily switch dishes. Finally, Ben and Emily switch dishes. At the end of the competition, Emily is preparing
Options:
(A) Soup
(B) Salad
(C) Main course
(D) Dessert
(E) Appetizer
A: (E)

Q: Alice, Bob, Claire, Dave, and Eve are dancers at a square dance. At the start of a song, they each have a partner: Alice is dancing with Jamie, Bob is dancing with Lola, Claire is dancing with Izzi, Dave is dancing with Rodrigo, and Eve is dancing with Ophelia.
Throughout the song, the dancers often trade partners. First, Bob and Eve switch partners. Then, Alice and Bob switch partners. Then, Dave and Alice switch partners. Then, Dave and Claire switch partners. Finally, Bob and Claire switch partners. At the end of the dance, Claire is dancing with
Options:
(A) Jamie
(B) Lola
(C) Izzi
(D) Rodrigo
(E) Ophelia
A: (B)