Task description: A task requiring determining the final positions of a set of objects given their initial positions and a description of a sequence of swaps.

Q: Five students, Alex, Ben, Charlie, David, and Emma, are playing a game of musical chairs. At the start of the game, they each have a chair: Alex is sitting in chair 1, Ben is sitting in chair 2, Charlie is sitting in chair 3, David is sitting in chair 4, and Emma is sitting in chair 5.
Throughout the game, the students often switch chairs. First, Alex and David switch chairs. Then, Alex and Emma switch chairs. Then, Ben and David switch chairs. Then, Ben and Charlie switch chairs. Finally, David and Charlie switch chairs. At the end of the game, Emma is sitting in
Options:
(A) Chair 1
(B) Chair 2
(C) Chair 3
(D) Chair 4
(E) Chair 5
A: (E)

Q: Five friends, Fiona, George, Harry, Isabel, and Jack, are playing a game of tag. At the start of the game, they each have a starting position: Fiona is at position 1, George is at position 2, Harry is at position 3, Isabel is at position 4, and Jack is at position 5.
Throughout the game, the friends often switch positions. First, Fiona and Harry switch positions. Then, Fiona and Jack switch positions. Then, George and Harry switch positions. Then, George and Isabel switch positions. Finally, Harry and Isabel switch positions. At the end of the game, Jack is at
Options:
(A) Position 1
(B) Position 2
(C) Position 3
(D) Position 4
(E) Position 5
A: (E)

Q: Five chefs, Kevin, Larry, Mary, Nancy, and Owen, are competing in a cooking competition. At the start of the competition, they each have a station: Kevin is at station 1, Larry is at station 2, Mary is at station 3, Nancy is at station 4, and Owen is at station 5.
Throughout the competition, the chefs often switch stations. First, Kevin and Nancy switch stations. Then, Kevin and Owen switch stations. Then, Larry and Nancy switch stations. Then, Larry and Mary switch stations. Finally, Nancy and Mary switch stations. At the end of the competition, Owen is at
Options:
(A) Station 1
(B) Station 2
(C) Station 3
(D) Station 4
(E) Station 5
A: (E)

Q: Alice, Bob, Claire, Dave, and Eve are dancers at a square dance. At the start of a song, they each have a partner: Alice is dancing with Karl, Bob is dancing with Lola, Claire is dancing with Ophelia, Dave is dancing with Melissa, and Eve is dancing with Sam.
Throughout the song, the dancers often trade partners. First, Alice and Dave switch partners. Then, Alice and Claire switch partners. Then, Alice and Eve switch partners. Then, Bob and Dave switch partners. Finally, Dave and Claire switch partners. At the end of the dance, Eve is dancing with
Options:
(A) Karl
(B) Lola
(C) Ophelia
(D) Melissa
(E) Sam
A: (E)