Task description: A task requiring determining the final positions of a set of objects given their initial positions and a description of a sequence of swaps.

Q: Five students are taking a test in a classroom. At the start of the test, they are each assigned to a seat: John is sitting in seat 1, Sarah is sitting in seat 2, Mark is sitting in seat 3, Lisa is sitting in seat 4, and David is sitting in seat 5.
As the test progresses, pairs of students occasionally swap seats. First, John and Sarah trade seats. Then, Mark and Lisa trade seats. Then, Sarah and David trade seats. Then, John and Mark trade seats. Finally, Lisa and David trade seats. At the end of the test, Sarah is sitting in
Options:
(A) seat 1
(B) seat 2
(C) seat 3
(D) seat 4
(E) seat 5
A: (B)

Q: Five friends are playing a game of Monopoly. At the start of the game, they are each assigned to a token: Joe is playing with the car, Sarah is playing with the top hat, Mark is playing with the thimble, Lisa is playing with the battleship, and David is playing with the shoe.
As the game progresses, pairs of players occasionally swap tokens. First, Joe and Sarah trade tokens. Then, Mark and Lisa trade tokens. Then, Sarah and David trade tokens. Then, Joe and Mark trade tokens. Finally, Lisa and David trade tokens. At the end of the game, Sarah is playing with the
Options:
(A) car
(B) top hat
(C) thimble
(D) battleship
(E) shoe
A: (A)

Q: Five students are in a science lab. At the start of the lab, they are each assigned to a station: John is working at station 1, Sarah is working at station 2, Mark is working at station 3, Lisa is working at station 4, and David is working at station 5.
As the lab progresses, pairs of students occasionally swap stations. First, John and Sarah trade stations. Then, Mark and Lisa trade stations. Then, Sarah and David trade stations. Then, John and Mark trade stations. Finally, Lisa and David trade stations. At the end of the lab, Sarah is working at
Options:
(A) station 1
(B) station 2
(C) station 3
(D) station 4
(E) station 5
A: (B)

Q: Alice, Bob, Claire, Dave, and Eve are on the same team in a soccer match. At the start of the match, they are each assigned to a position: Alice is playing benchwarmer, Bob is playing right midfielder, Claire is playing cheerleader, Dave is playing striker, and Eve is playing left winger.
As the game progresses, pairs of players occasionally swap positions. First, Alice and Eve trade positions. Then, Claire and Alice trade positions. Then, Eve and Alice trade positions. Then, Bob and Dave trade positions. Finally, Dave and Eve trade positions. At the end of the match, Claire is playing
Options:
(A) benchwarmer
(B) right midfielder
(C) cheerleader
(D) striker
(E) left winger
A: (E)