Task description: A task requiring determining the final positions of a set of objects given their initial positions and a description of a sequence of swaps.

Q: Five students, Alex, Ben, Charlie, David, and Emma, are taking a test. At the start of the test, they are each assigned to a seat: Alex is in seat 1, Ben is in seat 2, Charlie is in seat 3, David is in seat 4, and Emma is in seat 5.
As the test progresses, pairs of students occasionally swap seats. First, Emma and Charlie trade seats. Then, David and Ben trade seats. Then, Emma and David trade seats. Then, Alex and Charlie trade seats. Finally, Ben and Emma trade seats. At the end of the test, Charlie is in
Options:
(A) seat 1
(B) seat 2
(C) seat 3
(D) seat 4
(E) seat 5
A: (E)

Q: Five friends, Fiona, George, Harry, Isabel, and Jack, are playing a board game. At the start of the game, they are each assigned to a piece: Fiona is playing the knight, George is playing the rook, Harry is playing the bishop, Isabel is playing the queen, and Jack is playing the king.
As the game progresses, pairs of players occasionally swap pieces. First, Isabel and Harry trade pieces. Then, Jack and George trade pieces. Then, Isabel and Jack trade pieces. Then, Fiona and Harry trade pieces. Finally, George and Isabel trade pieces. At the end of the game, Harry is playing
Options:
(A) the knight
(B) the rook
(C) the bishop
(D) the queen
(E) the king
A: (E)

Q: Five chefs, Karen, Larry, Mike, Nancy, and Olivia, are competing in a cooking competition. At the start of the competition, they are each assigned to a station: Karen is at station 1, Larry is at station 2, Mike is at station 3, Nancy is at station 4, and Olivia is at station 5.
As the competition progresses, pairs of chefs occasionally swap stations. First, Olivia and Mike trade stations. Then, Nancy and Larry trade stations. Then, Olivia and Nancy trade stations. Then, Karen and Mike trade stations. Finally, Larry and Olivia trade stations. At the end of the competition, Mike is at
Options:
(A) station 1
(B) station 2
(C) station 3
(D) station 4
(E) station 5
A: (E)

Q: Alice, Bob, Claire, Dave, and Eve are on the same team in a soccer match. At the start of the match, they are each assigned to a position: Alice is playing right winger, Bob is playing left midfielder, Claire is playing right midfielder, Dave is playing striker, and Eve is playing fullback.
As the game progresses, pairs of players occasionally swap positions. First, Eve and Claire trade positions. Then, Dave and Bob trade positions. Then, Eve and Dave trade positions. Then, Alice and Claire trade positions. Finally, Bob and Eve trade positions. At the end of the match, Claire is playing
Options:
(A) right winger
(B) left midfielder
(C) right midfielder
(D) striker
(E) fullback
A: (A)