Task description: A task requiring determining the final positions of a set of objects given their initial positions and a description of a sequence of swaps.

Q: Five friends are playing a game of rock-paper-scissors. At the start of the game, each player has a different colored token: Alice has a red token, Bob has a blue token, Claire has a yellow token, Dave has a green token, and Eve has a purple token.
As the game progresses, pairs of players swap tokens. First, Bob and Dave swap their tokens. Then, Bob and Eve swap their tokens. Then, Dave and Claire swap their tokens. Then, Dave and Bob swap their tokens. Finally, Alice and Dave swap their tokens. At the end of the game, Bob has the
Options:
(A) red token
(B) blue token
(C) yellow token
(D) green token
(E) purple token
A: (B)

Q: Five students are taking a test. At the start of the test, each student has a different colored pencil: Alice has a red pencil, Bob has a blue pencil, Claire has a yellow pencil, Dave has a green pencil, and Eve has a purple pencil.
As the test progresses, pairs of students swap pencils. First, Bob and Dave swap their pencils. Then, Bob and Eve swap their pencils. Then, Dave and Claire swap their pencils. Then, Dave and Bob swap their pencils. Finally, Alice and Dave swap their pencils. At the end of the test, Bob has the
Options:
(A) red pencil
(B) blue pencil
(C) yellow pencil
(D) green pencil
(E) purple pencil
A: (B)

Q: Five friends are playing a game of chess. At the start of the game, each player has a different colored piece: Alice has a red piece, Bob has a blue piece, Claire has a yellow piece, Dave has a green piece, and Eve has a purple piece.
As the game progresses, pairs of players swap pieces. First, Bob and Dave swap their pieces. Then, Bob and Eve swap their pieces. Then, Dave and Claire swap their pieces. Then, Dave and Bob swap their pieces. Finally, Alice and Dave swap their pieces. At the end of the game, Bob has the
Options:
(A) red piece
(B) blue piece
(C) yellow piece
(D) green piece
(E) purple piece
A: (B)

Q: Alice, Bob, Claire, Dave, and Eve are holding a white elephant gift exchange. At the start of the event, they are each holding a present of a different color: Alice has a brown present, Bob has a black ball, Claire has a green present, Dave has a purple present, and Eve has a yellow present.
As the event progresses, pairs of people swap gifts. First, Bob and Dave swap their gifts. Then, Bob and Eve swap their gifts. Then, Dave and Claire swap their gifts. Then, Dave and Bob swap their gifts. Finally, Alice and Dave swap their gifts. At the end of the event, Bob has the
Options:
(A) brown present
(B) black ball
(C) green present
(D) purple present
(E) yellow present
A: (B)