Task description: A task requiring determining the final positions of a set of objects given their initial positions and a description of a sequence of swaps.

Q: Five students, Alex, Ben, Charlie, David, and Emma, are taking a test. At the start of the test, they are each assigned to a seat: Alex is in seat 1, Ben is in seat 2, Charlie is in seat 3, David is in seat 4, and Emma is in seat 5.
As the test progresses, pairs of students occasionally swap seats. First, Alex and Ben trade seats. Then, Alex and Charlie trade seats. Then, David and Charlie trade seats. Then, Ben and David trade seats. Finally, Charlie and Emma trade seats. At the end of the test, Emma is in
Options:
(A) seat 1
(B) seat 2
(C) seat 3
(D) seat 4
(E) seat 5
A: (E)

Q: Five friends, Fiona, George, Harry, Isabel, and Jack, are playing a board game. At the start of the game, they are each assigned to a piece: Fiona is playing the knight, George is playing the rook, Harry is playing the bishop, Isabel is playing the queen, and Jack is playing the king.
As the game progresses, pairs of players occasionally swap pieces. First, Fiona and George trade pieces. Then, Fiona and Harry trade pieces. Then, Isabel and Harry trade pieces. Then, George and Isabel trade pieces. Finally, Harry and Jack trade pieces. At the end of the game, Jack is playing
Options:
(A) the knight
(B) the rook
(C) the bishop
(D) the queen
(E) the king
A: (E)

Q: Five employees, Karen, Larry, Mike, Nancy, and Olivia, are working on a project. At the start of the project, they are each assigned to a task: Karen is working on task 1, Larry is working on task 2, Mike is working on task 3, Nancy is working on task 4, and Olivia is working on task 5.
As the project progresses, pairs of employees occasionally swap tasks. First, Karen and Larry trade tasks. Then, Karen and Mike trade tasks. Then, Nancy and Mike trade tasks. Then, Larry and Nancy trade tasks. Finally, Mike and Olivia trade tasks. At the end of the project, Olivia is working on
Options:
(A) task 1
(B) task 2
(C) task 3
(D) task 4
(E) task 5
A: (E)

Q: Alice, Bob, Claire, Dave, and Eve are on the same team in a soccer match. At the start of the match, they are each assigned to a position: Alice is playing goalkeeper, Bob is playing left midfielder, Claire is playing right winger, Dave is playing striker, and Eve is playing center midfielder.
As the game progresses, pairs of players occasionally swap positions. First, Alice and Claire trade positions. Then, Alice and Bob trade positions. Then, Dave and Bob trade positions. Then, Bob and Eve trade positions. Finally, Dave and Eve trade positions. At the end of the match, Eve is playing
Options:
(A) goalkeeper
(B) left midfielder
(C) right winger
(D) striker
(E) center midfielder
A: (D)