Task description: A task requiring determining the final positions of a set of objects given their initial positions and a description of a sequence of swaps.

Q: Five students, Alex, Ben, Charlie, David, and Emma, are playing a game of musical chairs. At the start of the game, each student is sitting in a chair: Alex is in chair 1, Ben is in chair 2, Charlie is in chair 3, David is in chair 4, and Emma is in chair 5.
Throughout the game, the students often switch chairs. First, Alex and Ben switch chairs. Then, Charlie and David switch chairs. Then, Ben and Charlie switch chairs. Then, David and Emma switch chairs. Finally, Alex and Charlie switch chairs. At the end of the game, Alex is sitting in
Options:
(A) Chair 1
(B) Chair 2
(C) Chair 3
(D) Chair 4
(E) Chair 5
A: (C)

Q: Five friends, Frank, George, Henry, Ian, and Jack, are playing a game of tag. At the start of the game, each friend is standing in a different spot: Frank is in spot 1, George is in spot 2, Henry is in spot 3, Ian is in spot 4, and Jack is in spot 5.
Throughout the game, the friends often switch spots. First, Frank and George switch spots. Then, Henry and Ian switch spots. Then, George and Henry switch spots. Then, Ian and Jack switch spots. Finally, Frank and Henry switch spots. At the end of the game, Frank is standing in
Options:
(A) Spot 1
(B) Spot 2
(C) Spot 3
(D) Spot 4
(E) Spot 5
A: (C)

Q: Five chefs, Kevin, Larry, Mike, Nick, and Owen, are competing in a cooking competition. At the start of the competition, each chef is assigned a station: Kevin is at station 1, Larry is at station 2, Mike is at station 3, Nick is at station 4, and Owen is at station 5.
Throughout the competition, the chefs often switch stations. First, Kevin and Larry switch stations. Then, Mike and Nick switch stations. Then, Larry and Mike switch stations. Then, Nick and Owen switch stations. Finally, Kevin and Mike switch stations. At the end of the competition, Kevin is at
Options:
(A) Station 1
(B) Station 2
(C) Station 3
(D) Station 4
(E) Station 5
A: (E)

Q: Alice, Bob, Claire, Dave, and Eve are dancers at a square dance. At the start of a song, they each have a partner: Alice is dancing with Helga, Bob is dancing with Jamie, Claire is dancing with Ophelia, Dave is dancing with Karl, and Eve is dancing with Rodrigo.
Throughout the song, the dancers often trade partners. First, Eve and Bob switch partners. Then, Dave and Claire switch partners. Then, Claire and Bob switch partners. Then, Dave and Alice switch partners. Finally, Claire and Eve switch partners. At the end of the dance, Claire is dancing with
Options:
(A) Helga
(B) Jamie
(C) Ophelia
(D) Karl
(E) Rodrigo
A: (E)