Task description: A logical deduction task which requires deducing the order of a sequence of objects.

Q: In a row of five cars, the first car is a Ferrari, the second car is a Lamborghini, the third car is a Porsche, the fourth car is a Maserati, and the fifth car is a Jaguar. The Ferrari is the leftmost. The Jaguar is to the left of the Maserati. The Lamborghini is the rightmost. The Porsche is the third from the left.
Options:
(A) The Ferrari is the rightmost
(B) The Lamborghini is the rightmost
(C) The Porsche is the rightmost
(D) The Maserati is the rightmost
(E) The Jaguar is the rightmost
A: (E)

Q: In a row of five books, the first book is a novel, the second book is a biography, the third book is a cookbook, the fourth book is a dictionary, and the fifth book is an encyclopedia. The novel is the leftmost. The encyclopedia is to the left of the dictionary. The biography is the rightmost. The cookbook is the third from the left.
Options:
(A) The novel is the rightmost
(B) The biography is the rightmost
(C) The cookbook is the rightmost
(D) The dictionary is the rightmost
(E) The encyclopedia is the rightmost
A: (B)

Q: In a row of five musical instruments, the first instrument is a guitar, the second instrument is a piano, the third instrument is a flute, the fourth instrument is a drum, and the fifth instrument is a trumpet. The guitar is the leftmost. The trumpet is to the left of the drum. The piano is the rightmost. The flute is the third from the left.
Options:
(A) The guitar is the rightmost
(B) The piano is the rightmost
(C) The flute is the rightmost
(D) The drum is the rightmost
(E) The trumpet is the rightmost
A: (B)

Q: The following paragraphs each describe a set of five objects arranged in a fixed order. The statements are logically consistent within each paragraph. On a branch, there are five birds: a quail, an owl, a raven, a falcon, and a robin. The owl is the leftmost. The robin is to the left of the raven. The quail is the rightmost. The raven is the third from the left.
Options:
(A) The quail is the rightmost
(B) The owl is the rightmost
(C) The raven is the rightmost
(D) The falcon is the rightmost
(E) The robin is the rightmost
A: (E)