Task description: A logical deduction task which requires deducing the order of a sequence of objects.

Q: A toy store sells five stuffed animals: bears, cats, dogs, elephants, and monkeys. The cats are the most expensive. The dogs are the second-most expensive. The elephants are the third-most expensive. The monkeys are the second-cheapest. The bears are the cheapest.
Options:
(A) The cats are the second-cheapest
(B) The dogs are the most expensive
(C) The elephants are the second-cheapest
(D) The monkeys are the most expensive
(E) The bears are the third-most expensive
A: (B)

Q: A bakery sells five types of bread: rye, wheat, sourdough, pumpernickel, and focaccia. The rye is the most expensive. The wheat is the second-most expensive. The sourdough is the third-most expensive. The pumpernickel is the second-cheapest. The focaccia is the cheapest.
Options:
(A) The rye is the second-cheapest
(B) The wheat is the most expensive
(C) The sourdough is the second-cheapest
(D) The pumpernickel is the most expensive
(E) The focaccia is the third-most expensive
A: (B)

Q: A pet store sells five types of fish: goldfish, guppies, tetras, angelfish, and cichlids. The guppies are the most expensive. The tetras are the second-most expensive. The angelfish are the third-most expensive. The cichlids are the second-cheapest. The goldfish are the cheapest.
Options:
(A) The guppies are the second-cheapest
(B) The tetras are the most expensive
(C) The angelfish are the second-cheapest
(D) The cichlids are the most expensive
(E) The goldfish are the third-most expensive
A: (B)

Q: The following paragraphs each describe a set of five objects arranged in a fixed order. The statements are logically consistent within each paragraph. A fruit stand sells five fruits: oranges, cantaloupes, peaches, loquats, and kiwis. The peaches are more expensive than the oranges. The cantaloupes are more expensive than the peaches. The kiwis are the third-most expensive. The loquats are the second-cheapest.
Options:
(A) The oranges are the most expensive
(B) The cantaloupes are the most expensive
(C) The peaches are the most expensive
(D) The loquats are the most expensive
(E) The kiwis are the most expensive
A: (C)