Task description: A logical deduction task which requires deducing the order of a sequence of objects.

Q: A toy store sells five stuffed animals: bears, cats, dogs, elephants, and monkeys. The cats are less expensive than the monkeys. The cats are more expensive than the bears. The dogs are more expensive than the monkeys. The elephants are the most expensive.
Options:
(A) The bears are the cheapest
(B) The cats are the cheapest
(C) The dogs are the cheapest
(D) The elephants are the cheapest
(E) The monkeys are the cheapest
A: (B)

Q: A bakery sells five types of bread: rye, wheat, sourdough, pumpernickel, and focaccia. The sourdough is less expensive than the focaccia. The sourdough is more expensive than the rye. The wheat is more expensive than the focaccia. The pumpernickel is the most expensive.
Options:
(A) The rye is the cheapest
(B) The wheat is the cheapest
(C) The sourdough is the cheapest
(D) The pumpernickel is the cheapest
(E) The focaccia is the cheapest
A: (C)

Q: A pet store sells five types of fish: guppies, tetras, angelfish, mollies, and cichlids. The tetras are less expensive than the cichlids. The tetras are more expensive than the guppies. The angelfish are more expensive than the cichlids. The mollies are the most expensive.
Options:
(A) The guppies are the cheapest
(B) The tetras are the cheapest
(C) The angelfish are the cheapest
(D) The mollies are the cheapest
(E) The cichlids are the cheapest
A: (B)

Q: The following paragraphs each describe a set of five objects arranged in a fixed order. The statements are logically consistent within each paragraph. A fruit stand sells five fruits: watermelons, oranges, loquats, plums, and kiwis. The plums are less expensive than the kiwis. The plums are more expensive than the watermelons. The loquats are more expensive than the kiwis. The oranges are the most expensive.
Options:
(A) The watermelons are the cheapest
(B) The oranges are the cheapest
(C) The loquats are the cheapest
(D) The plums are the cheapest
(E) The kiwis are the cheapest
A: (D)