Task description: A logical deduction task which requires deducing the order of a sequence of objects.

Q: On a shelf, there are five cups: a red cup, a blue cup, a green cup, a yellow cup, and a white cup. The red cup is to the right of the yellow cup. The green cup is to the left of the yellow cup. The green cup is the third from the left. The blue cup is the leftmost.
Options:
(A) The red cup is the third from the left
(B) The blue cup is the third from the left
(C) The green cup is the third from the left
(D) The yellow cup is the third from the left
(E) The white cup is the third from the left
A: (C)

Q: On a shelf, there are five animals: a lion, a tiger, a bear, a wolf, and a fox. The lion is to the right of the fox. The bear is to the left of the fox. The bear is the third from the left. The tiger is the leftmost.
Options:
(A) The lion is the third from the left
(B) The tiger is the third from the left
(C) The bear is the third from the left
(D) The wolf is the third from the left
(E) The fox is the third from the left
A: (C)

Q: On a shelf, there are five fruits: an apple, a banana, an orange, a pear, and a grape. The apple is to the right of the grape. The orange is to the left of the grape. The orange is the third from the left. The banana is the leftmost.
Options:
(A) The apple is the third from the left
(B) The banana is the third from the left
(C) The orange is the third from the left
(D) The pear is the third from the left
(E) The grape is the third from the left
A: (C)

Q: The following paragraphs each describe a set of five objects arranged in a fixed order. The statements are logically consistent within each paragraph. On a shelf, there are five books: a yellow book, a brown book, a gray book, a black book, and a purple book. The yellow book is to the right of the purple book. The black book is to the left of the purple book. The black book is the third from the left. The brown book is the leftmost.
Options:
(A) The yellow book is the third from the left
(B) The brown book is the third from the left
(C) The gray book is the third from the left
(D) The black book is the third from the left
(E) The purple book is the third from the left
A: (D)