Task description: A logical deduction task which requires deducing the order of a sequence of objects.

Q: In a row of five chairs, there is a black chair, a white chair, a green chair, a brown chair, and a purple chair. The black chair is to the left of the white chair. The green chair is to the left of the brown chair. The purple chair is the leftmost. The black chair is to the right of the green chair.
Options:
(A) The black chair is the second from the left
(B) The white chair is the second from the left
(C) The green chair is the second from the left
(D) The brown chair is the second from the left
(E) The purple chair is the second from the left
A: (E)

Q: In a row of five cars, there is a red car, a blue car, a yellow car, a green car, and a black car. The red car is to the left of the blue car. The yellow car is to the left of the green car. The black car is the leftmost. The red car is to the right of the yellow car.
Options:
(A) The red car is the second from the left
(B) The blue car is the second from the left
(C) The yellow car is the second from the left
(D) The green car is the second from the left
(E) The black car is the second from the left
A: (E)

Q: In a row of five animals, there is a lion, a tiger, a bear, a wolf, and a fox. The lion is to the left of the tiger. The bear is to the left of the wolf. The fox is the leftmost. The lion is to the right of the bear.
Options:
(A) The lion is the second from the left
(B) The tiger is the second from the left
(C) The bear is the second from the left
(D) The wolf is the second from the left
(E) The fox is the second from the left
A: (B)

Q: The following paragraphs each describe a set of five objects arranged in a fixed order. The statements are logically consistent within each paragraph. On a shelf, there are five books: a gray book, a red book, a yellow book, a blue book, and an orange book. The gray book is to the right of the yellow book. The orange book is to the right of the red book. The blue book is the rightmost. The gray book is to the left of the red book.
Options:
(A) The gray book is the second from the left
(B) The red book is the second from the left
(C) The yellow book is the second from the left
(D) The blue book is the second from the left
(E) The orange book is the second from the left
A: (C)