Task description: A logical deduction task which requires deducing the order of a sequence of objects.

Q: On a shelf, there are five cups: a white cup, a black cup, a yellow cup, a pink cup, and a purple cup. The white cup is to the left of the yellow cup. The black cup is to the left of the pink cup. The white cup is to the right of the pink cup. The purple cup is the leftmost.
Options:
(A) The white cup is the second from the left
(B) The black cup is the second from the left
(C) The yellow cup is the second from the left
(D) The pink cup is the second from the left
(E) The purple cup is the second from the left
A: (E)

Q: On a shelf, there are five toys: a wooden toy, a plastic toy, a metal toy, a cloth toy, and a rubber toy. The wooden toy is to the left of the metal toy. The plastic toy is to the left of the cloth toy. The wooden toy is to the right of the cloth toy. The rubber toy is the leftmost.
Options:
(A) The wooden toy is the second from the left
(B) The plastic toy is the second from the left
(C) The metal toy is the second from the left
(D) The cloth toy is the second from the left
(E) The rubber toy is the second from the left
A: (E)

Q: On a shelf, there are five tools: a hammer, a saw, a screwdriver, a wrench, and a drill. The hammer is to the left of the screwdriver. The saw is to the left of the wrench. The hammer is to the right of the wrench. The drill is the leftmost.
Options:
(A) The hammer is the second from the left
(B) The saw is the second from the left
(C) The screwdriver is the second from the left
(D) The wrench is the second from the left
(E) The drill is the second from the left
A: (C)

Q: The following paragraphs each describe a set of five objects arranged in a fixed order. The statements are logically consistent within each paragraph. On a shelf, there are five books: a green book, a blue book, a brown book, a gray book, and a red book. The green book is to the left of the brown book. The gray book is to the left of the blue book. The green book is to the right of the blue book. The red book is the leftmost.
Options:
(A) The green book is the second from the left
(B) The blue book is the second from the left
(C) The brown book is the second from the left
(D) The gray book is the second from the left
(E) The red book is the second from the left
A: (E)