Task description: A logical deduction task which requires deducing the order of a sequence of objects.

Q: In a row of five cars, the first car is a red Ferrari, the second car is a blue Lamborghini, the third car is a yellow Porsche, the fourth car is a green Maserati, and the fifth car is a black Aston Martin. The red Ferrari is to the left of the blue Lamborghini. The yellow Porsche is to the right of the blue Lamborghini. The green Maserati is to the left of the black Aston Martin. The yellow Porsche is to the right of the green Maserati.
Options:
(A) The red Ferrari is the rightmost
(B) The blue Lamborghini is the rightmost
(C) The yellow Porsche is the rightmost
(D) The green Maserati is the rightmost
(E) The black Aston Martin is the rightmost
A: (E)

Q: In a row of five books, the first book is a novel, the second book is a biography, the third book is a cookbook, the fourth book is a dictionary, and the fifth book is a textbook. The novel is to the left of the biography. The cookbook is to the right of the biography. The dictionary is to the left of the textbook. The cookbook is to the right of the dictionary.
Options:
(A) The novel is the rightmost
(B) The biography is the rightmost
(C) The cookbook is the rightmost
(D) The dictionary is the rightmost
(E) The textbook is the rightmost
A: (E)

Q: In a row of five animals, the first animal is a lion, the second animal is a tiger, the third animal is a bear, the fourth animal is a wolf, and the fifth animal is a fox. The lion is to the left of the tiger. The bear is to the right of the tiger. The wolf is to the left of the fox. The bear is to the right of the wolf.
Options:
(A) The lion is the rightmost
(B) The tiger is the rightmost
(C) The bear is the rightmost
(D) The wolf is the rightmost
(E) The fox is the rightmost
A: (E)

Q: The following paragraphs each describe a set of five objects arranged in a fixed order. The statements are logically consistent within each paragraph. On a branch, there are five birds: an owl, a cardinal, a robin, a hummingbird, and a crow. The hummingbird is to the left of the owl. The hummingbird is to the right of the cardinal. The crow is to the left of the robin. The owl is to the left of the crow.
Options:
(A) The owl is the rightmost
(B) The cardinal is the rightmost
(C) The robin is the rightmost
(D) The hummingbird is the rightmost
(E) The crow is the rightmost
A: (E)