Task description: A logical deduction task which requires deducing the order of a sequence of objects.

Q: In a row of five books, the first book is a novel, the second book is a dictionary, the third book is a cookbook, the fourth book is a history book, and the fifth book is a science book. The dictionary is to the left of the cookbook. The science book is the second from the right. The novel is the leftmost.

Options:
(A) The novel is the rightmost
(B) The dictionary is the rightmost
(C) The cookbook is the rightmost
(D) The history book is the rightmost
(E) The science book is the rightmost
A: (E)

Q: In a row of five cars, the first car is a Ford, the second car is a Honda, the third car is a Toyota, the fourth car is a Chevrolet, and the fifth car is a Nissan. The Honda is to the right of the Ford. The Chevrolet is the second from the left. The Nissan is the leftmost.

Options:
(A) The Ford is the rightmost
(B) The Honda is the rightmost
(C) The Toyota is the rightmost
(D) The Chevrolet is the rightmost
(E) The Nissan is the rightmost
A: (E)

Q: In a row of five animals, the first animal is a lion, the second animal is a tiger, the third animal is a bear, the fourth animal is a wolf, and the fifth animal is a fox. The tiger is to the left of the bear. The fox is the second from the right. The lion is the rightmost.

Options:
(A) The lion is the leftmost
(B) The tiger is the leftmost
(C) The bear is the leftmost
(D) The wolf is the leftmost
(E) The fox is the leftmost
A: (B)

Q: The following paragraphs each describe a set of five objects arranged in a fixed order. The statements are logically consistent within each paragraph. On a branch, there are five birds: a cardinal, a crow, a falcon, a robin, and a blue jay. The robin is to the right of the cardinal. The cardinal is to the right of the blue jay. The blue jay is the second from the left. The crow is the rightmost.
Options:
(A) The cardinal is the rightmost
(B) The crow is the rightmost
(C) The falcon is the rightmost
(D) The robin is the rightmost
(E) The blue jay is the rightmost
A: (E)