Following is an example instance for the task: A task requiring determining the final positions of a set of objects given their initial positions and a description of a sequence of swaps. Please come up with 3 new , diverse, and creative instances for the task.
Example instance:
Q: Alice, Bob, and Claire are playing a game. At the start of the game, they are each holding a ball: Alice has a blue ball, Bob has a red ball, and Claire has a yellow ball.
As the game progresses, pairs of players trade balls. First, Claire and Bob swap balls. Then, Claire and Alice swap balls. Finally, Bob and Claire swap balls. At the end of the game, Claire has the
Options:
(A) blue ball
(B) red ball
(C) yellow ball

New instance 1:
Q: Jack, Jill, and John are playing a game. At the start of the game, they are each holding a card: Jack has a black card, Jill has a white card, and John has a green card.
As the game progresses, pairs of players trade cards. First, John and Jill swap cards. Then, Jack and John swap cards. Finally, Jill and Jack swap cards. At the end of the game, Jack has the
Options:
(A) black card
(B) white card
(C) green card

New instance 2:
Q: Sarah, Tom, and Tyler are playing a game. At the start of the game, they are each holding a coin: Sarah has a silver coin, Tom has a gold coin, and Tyler has a bronze coin.
As the game progresses, pairs of players trade coins. First, Tyler and Tom swap coins. Then, Sarah and Tyler swap coins. Finally, Tom and Sarah swap coins. At the end of the game, Sarah has the
Options:
(A) silver coin
(B) gold coin
(C) bronze coin

New instance 3:
Q: David, Emma, and Frank are playing a game. At the start of the game, they are each holding a stone: David has a pink stone, Emma has a purple stone, and Frank has an orange stone.
As the game progresses, pairs of players trade stones. First, Frank and Emma swap stones. Then, David and Frank swap stones. Finally, Emma and David swap stones. At the end of the game, David has the
Options:
(A) pink stone
(B) purple stone
(C) orange stone