Following is an example instance for the task: A task requiring determining the final positions of a set of objects given their initial positions and a description of a sequence of swaps. Please come up with 3 new , diverse, and creative instances for the task.
Example instance:
Q: Alice, Bob, and Claire are dancers at a square dance. At the start of a song, they each have a partner: Alice is dancing with Ophelia, Bob is dancing with Jamie, and Claire is dancing with Rodrigo.
Throughout the song, the dancers often trade partners. First, Bob and Claire switch partners. Then, Alice and Bob switch partners. Finally, Bob and Claire switch partners. At the end of the dance, Bob is dancing with
Options:
(A) Ophelia
(B) Jamie
(C) Rodrigo

New instance 1:
Q: Three friends, Jack, Sarah, and David, are playing a game of rock-paper-scissors. At the start of the game, Jack has rock, Sarah has paper, and David has scissors. Throughout the game, the players often switch hands. First, Jack and Sarah switch hands. Then, Jack and David switch hands. Finally, Sarah and David switch hands. At the end of the game, Jack has:
Options:
(A) Rock
(B) Paper
(C) Scissors

New instance 2:
Q: Three students, Alex, Emma, and Ryan, are playing a game of tag. At the start of the game, Alex is "it", Emma is running, and Ryan is hiding. Throughout the game, the players often switch roles. First, Alex and Emma switch roles. Then, Alex and Ryan switch roles. Finally, Emma and Ryan switch roles. At the end of the game, Alex is:
Options:
(A) "It"
(B) Running
(C) Hiding

New instance 3:
Q: Three chefs, John, Mary, and Sam, are competing in a cooking competition. At the start of the competition, John is making a cake, Mary is making a pie, and Sam is making a tart. Throughout the competition, the chefs often switch dishes. First, John and Mary switch dishes. Then, John and Sam switch dishes. Finally, Mary and Sam switch dishes. At the end of the competition, John is making:
Options:
(A) Cake
(B) Pie
(C) Tart