Following is an example instance for the task: A task requiring determining the final positions of a set of objects given their initial positions and a description of a sequence of swaps. Please come up with 3 new , diverse, and creative instances for the task.
Example instance:
Q: Alice, Bob, and Claire are on the same team in a soccer match. At the start of the match, they are each assigned to a position: Alice is playing cheerleader, Bob is playing right winger, and Claire is playing benchwarmer.
As the game progresses, pairs of players occasionally swap positions. First, Alice and Claire trade positions. Then, Bob and Claire trade positions. Finally, Alice and Bob trade positions. At the end of the match, Alice is playing
Options:
(A) cheerleader
(B) right winger
(C) benchwarmer

New instance 1:
Q: Three students, John, Sarah, and David, are taking a test. At the start of the test, they are each assigned to a seat: John is in seat 1, Sarah is in seat 2, and David is in seat 3.
As the test progresses, pairs of students occasionally swap seats. First, John and Sarah trade seats. Then, Sarah and David trade seats. Finally, John and David trade seats. At the end of the test, John is in
Options:
(A) seat 1
(B) seat 2
(C) seat 3

New instance 2:
Q: Three friends, Mark, Lisa, and Paul, are playing a board game. At the start of the game, they are each assigned to a piece: Mark is playing the knight, Lisa is playing the rook, and Paul is playing the bishop.
As the game progresses, pairs of players occasionally swap pieces. First, Mark and Lisa trade pieces. Then, Lisa and Paul trade pieces. Finally, Mark and Paul trade pieces. At the end of the game, Mark is playing
Options:
(A) the knight
(B) the rook
(C) the bishop

New instance 3:
Q: Three chefs, Jack, Jill, and Sam, are competing in a cooking competition. At the start of the competition, they are each assigned to a station: Jack is at station 1, Jill is at station 2, and Sam is at station 3.
As the competition progresses, pairs of chefs occasionally swap stations. First, Jack and Jill trade stations. Then, Jill and Sam trade stations. Finally, Jack and Sam trade stations. At the end of the competition, Jack is at
Options:
(A) station 1
(B) station 2
(C) station 3