Following is an example instance for the task: A task requiring determining the final positions of a set of objects given their initial positions and a description of a sequence of swaps. Please come up with 3 new , diverse, and creative instances for the task.
Example instance:
Q: Alice, Bob, and Claire are dancers at a square dance. At the start of a song, they each have a partner: Alice is dancing with Ophelia, Bob is dancing with Lola, and Claire is dancing with Izzi.
Throughout the song, the dancers often trade partners. First, Bob and Claire switch partners. Then, Claire and Alice switch partners. Finally, Alice and Bob switch partners. At the end of the dance, Alice is dancing with
Options:
(A) Ophelia
(B) Lola
(C) Izzi

New instance 1:
Q: Three friends, Jack, Jill, and John, are playing a game of rock-paper-scissors. At the start of the game, Jack has rock, Jill has paper, and John has scissors. Throughout the game, the players often switch hands. First, Jack and Jill switch hands. Then, Jill and John switch hands. Finally, John and Jack switch hands. At the end of the game, Jack has:
Options:
(A) Rock
(B) Paper
(C) Scissors

New instance 2:
Q: Three students, Sarah, Sam, and Steve, are playing a game of tag. At the start of the game, Sarah is "it", Sam is running away, and Steve is standing still. Throughout the game, the players often switch roles. First, Sarah and Sam switch roles. Then, Sam and Steve switch roles. Finally, Steve and Sarah switch roles. At the end of the game, Sarah is:
Options:
(A) "It"
(B) Running away
(C) Standing still

New instance 3:
Q: Three chefs, Alex, Amy, and Andrew, are competing in a cooking competition. At the start of the competition, Alex is making a cake, Amy is making a pie, and Andrew is making a tart. Throughout the competition, the chefs often switch dishes. First, Alex and Amy switch dishes. Then, Amy and Andrew switch dishes. Finally, Andrew and Alex switch dishes. At the end of the competition, Alex is making:
Options:
(A) A cake
(B) A pie
(C) A tart