Following is an example instance for the task: A task requiring determining the final positions of a set of objects given their initial positions and a description of a sequence of swaps. Please come up with 3 new , diverse, and creative instances for the task.
Example instance:
Q: Alice, Bob, and Claire are on the same team in a soccer match. At the start of the match, they are each assigned to a position: Alice is playing right midfielder, Bob is playing center midfielder, and Claire is playing striker.
As the game progresses, pairs of players occasionally swap positions. First, Alice and Bob trade positions. Then, Alice and Claire trade positions. Finally, Bob and Claire trade positions. At the end of the match, Claire is playing
Options:
(A) right midfielder
(B) center midfielder
(C) striker

New instance 1:
Q: Three friends, John, Mary, and Paul, are playing a game of chess. At the start of the game, John is playing white, Mary is playing black, and Paul is playing red. As the game progresses, pairs of players occasionally swap colors. First, John and Mary trade colors. Then, John and Paul trade colors. Finally, Mary and Paul trade colors. At the end of the game, Paul is playing
Options:
(A) white
(B) black
(C) red

New instance 2:
Q: Three students, Sarah, Tom, and Jake, are taking a test. At the start of the test, Sarah is sitting in the front row, Tom is sitting in the middle row, and Jake is sitting in the back row. As the test progresses, pairs of students occasionally swap seats. First, Sarah and Tom trade seats. Then, Sarah and Jake trade seats. Finally, Tom and Jake trade seats. At the end of the test, Jake is sitting
Options:
(A) in the front row
(B) in the middle row
(C) in the back row

New instance 3:
Q: Three siblings, Alex, Beth, and Charlie, are playing a game of tag. At the start of the game, Alex is "it", Beth is in the backyard, and Charlie is in the front yard. As the game progresses, pairs of players occasionally swap locations. First, Alex and Beth trade locations. Then, Alex and Charlie trade locations. Finally, Beth and Charlie trade locations. At the end of the game, Charlie is
Options:
(A) "it"
(B) in the backyard
(C) in the front yard