Following is an example instance for the task: A task requiring determining the final positions of a set of objects given their initial positions and a description of a sequence of swaps. Please come up with 3 new , diverse, and creative instances for the task.
Example instance:
Q: Alice, Bob, and Claire are dancers at a square dance. At the start of a song, they each have a partner: Alice is dancing with Karl, Bob is dancing with Rodrigo, and Claire is dancing with Patrick.
Throughout the song, the dancers often trade partners. First, Claire and Alice switch partners. Then, Bob and Alice switch partners. Finally, Alice and Claire switch partners. At the end of the dance, Claire is dancing with
Options:
(A) Karl
(B) Rodrigo
(C) Patrick

New instance 1:
Q: Three friends, Jack, Sarah, and David, are playing a game of rock-paper-scissors. At the start of the game, Jack has rock, Sarah has paper, and David has scissors. Throughout the game, the players often switch hands. First, Jack and Sarah switch hands. Then, David and Jack switch hands. Finally, Jack and Sarah switch hands. At the end of the game, Sarah is holding 
Options:
(A) Rock
(B) Paper
(C) Scissors

New instance 2:
Q: Three students, Amy, Ben, and Charlie, are playing a game of tag. At the start of the game, Amy is "it", Ben is running away, and Charlie is standing still. Throughout the game, the players often switch roles. First, Ben and Amy switch roles. Then, Charlie and Ben switch roles. Finally, Amy and Ben switch roles. At the end of the game, Ben is 
Options:
(A) "It"
(B) Running away
(C) Standing still

New instance 3:
Q: Three friends, John, Jane, and Joe, are playing a game of hide-and-seek. At the start of the game, John is hiding, Jane is counting, and Joe is seeking. Throughout the game, the players often switch roles. First, Jane and John switch roles. Then, Joe and Jane switch roles. Finally, John and Jane switch roles. At the end of the game, Jane is 
Options:
(A) Hiding
(B) Counting
(C) Seeking