Following is an example instance for the task: A task requiring determining the final positions of a set of objects given their initial positions and a description of a sequence of swaps. Please come up with 3 new , diverse, and creative instances for the task.
Example instance:
Q: Alice, Bob, and Claire are holding a white elephant gift exchange. At the start of the event, they are each holding a present of a different color: Alice has a yellow present, Bob has a orange ball, and Claire has a green present.
As the event progresses, pairs of people swap gifts. First, Claire and Bob swap their gifts. Then, Alice and Claire swap their gifts. Finally, Bob and Alice swap their gifts. At the end of the event, Alice has the
Options:
(A) yellow present
(B) orange ball
(C) green present

New instance 1:
Q: Three friends, David, Emma, and Frank, are playing a game of rock-paper-scissors. At the start of the game, each player has a different colored token: David has a blue token, Emma has a red token, and Frank has a yellow token.
As the game progresses, pairs of players swap tokens. First, Emma and Frank swap their tokens. Then, David and Emma swap their tokens. Finally, Frank and David swap their tokens. At the end of the game, David has the
Options:
(A) blue token
(B) red token
(C) yellow token

New instance 2:
Q: Three siblings, George, Helen, and Ian, are playing a game of hide-and-seek. At the start of the game, each player has a different colored hat: George has a purple hat, Helen has a pink hat, and Ian has a white hat.
As the game progresses, pairs of players swap hats. First, Helen and Ian swap their hats. Then, George and Helen swap their hats. Finally, Ian and George swap their hats. At the end of the game, George has the
Options:
(A) purple hat
(B) pink hat
(C) white hat

New instance 3:
Q: Three students, Jack, Kate, and Luke, are playing a game of tag. At the start of the game, each player has a different colored marker: Jack has a black marker, Kate has a red marker, and Luke has a green marker.
As the game progresses, pairs of players swap markers. First, Kate and Luke swap their markers. Then, Jack and Kate swap their markers. Finally, Luke and Jack swap their markers. At the end of the game, Jack has the
Options:
(A) black marker
(B) red marker
(C) green marker