Following is an example instance for the task: A task requiring determining the final positions of a set of objects given their initial positions and a description of a sequence of swaps. Please come up with 3 new , diverse, and creative instances for the task.
Example instance:
Q: Alice, Bob, and Claire are holding a white elephant gift exchange. At the start of the event, they are each holding a present of a different color: Alice has a white present, Bob has a pink ball, and Claire has a black ball.
As the event progresses, pairs of people swap gifts. First, Alice and Claire swap their gifts. Then, Alice and Bob swap their gifts. Finally, Claire and Alice swap their gifts. At the end of the event, Claire has the
Options:
(A) white present
(B) pink ball
(C) black ball

New instance 1:
Q: Three friends, John, Sarah, and David, are playing a game of rock-paper-scissors. At the start of the game, each player has a different colored token: John has a red token, Sarah has a blue token, and David has a green token.
As the game progresses, pairs of players swap tokens. First, John and Sarah swap their tokens. Then, John and David swap their tokens. Finally, Sarah and David swap their tokens. At the end of the game, Sarah has the
Options:
(A) red token
(B) blue token
(C) green token

New instance 2:
Q: Three students, Alex, Emma, and Ryan, are playing a game of musical chairs. At the start of the game, each student has a different colored chair: Alex has a yellow chair, Emma has a purple chair, and Ryan has an orange chair.
As the game progresses, pairs of students swap chairs. First, Alex and Emma swap their chairs. Then, Alex and Ryan swap their chairs. Finally, Emma and Ryan swap their chairs. At the end of the game, Emma has the
Options:
(A) yellow chair
(B) purple chair
(C) orange chair

New instance 3:
Q: Three siblings, Jack, Jill, and Sam, are playing a game of hide-and-seek. At the start of the game, each sibling has a different colored marker: Jack has a red marker, Jill has a blue marker, and Sam has a green marker.
As the game progresses, pairs of siblings swap markers. First, Jack and Jill swap their markers. Then, Jack and Sam swap their markers. Finally, Jill and Sam swap their markers. At the end of the game, Jill has the
Options:
(A) red marker
(B) blue marker
(C) green marker