Following is an example instance for the task: A task requiring determining the final positions of a set of objects given their initial positions and a description of a sequence of swaps. Please come up with 3 new , diverse, and creative instances for the task.
Example instance:
Q: Alice, Bob, and Claire are playing a game. At the start of the game, they are each holding a ball: Alice has a pink ball, Bob has a yellow ball, and Claire has a white ball.
As the game progresses, pairs of players trade balls. First, Claire and Bob swap balls. Then, Alice and Bob swap balls. Finally, Claire and Bob swap balls. At the end of the game, Alice has the
Options:
(A) pink ball
(B) yellow ball
(C) white ball

New instance 1:
Q: Jack, Jill, and John are playing a game. At the start of the game, they are each holding a card: Jack has a red card, Jill has a blue card, and John has a green card.
As the game progresses, pairs of players trade cards. First, Jack and Jill swap cards. Then, John and Jill swap cards. Finally, Jack and John swap cards. At the end of the game, Jack has the
Options:
(A) red card
(B) blue card
(C) green card

New instance 2:
Q: Sarah, Tom, and Tyler are playing a game. At the start of the game, they are each holding a coin: Sarah has a silver coin, Tom has a gold coin, and Tyler has a bronze coin.
As the game progresses, pairs of players trade coins. First, Sarah and Tyler swap coins. Then, Tom and Tyler swap coins. Finally, Sarah and Tom swap coins. At the end of the game, Sarah has the
Options:
(A) silver coin
(B) gold coin
(C) bronze coin

New instance 3:
Q: Alex, Beth, and Charlie are playing a game. At the start of the game, they are each holding a stone: Alex has a black stone, Beth has a grey stone, and Charlie has a white stone.
As the game progresses, pairs of players trade stones. First, Alex and Charlie swap stones. Then, Beth and Charlie swap stones. Finally, Alex and Beth swap stones. At the end of the game, Alex has the
Options:
(A) black stone
(B) grey stone
(C) white stone