Following is an example instance for the task: A task requiring determining the final positions of a set of objects given their initial positions and a description of a sequence of swaps. Please come up with 3 new , diverse, and creative instances for the task.
Example instance:
Q: Alice, Bob, and Claire are friends and avid readers who occasionally trade books. At the start of the semester, they each buy one new book: Alice gets Frankenstein, Bob gets The Odyssey, and Claire gets Lolita.
As the semester proceeds, they start trading around the new books. First, Alice and Claire swap books. Then, Bob and Alice swap books. Finally, Claire and Bob swap books. At the end of the semester, Bob has
Options:
(A) Frankenstein
(B) The Odyssey
(C) Lolita

New instance 1:
Q: Three friends, David, Emma, and Frank, are playing a game of chess. At the start of the game, David has the white pieces, Emma has the black pieces, and Frank has the red pieces. As the game progresses, they decide to switch pieces. First, David and Emma switch pieces. Then, Frank and David switch pieces. Finally, Emma and Frank switch pieces. At the end of the game, Frank has
Options:
(A) White pieces
(B) Black pieces
(C) Red pieces

New instance 2:
Q: Three friends, George, Henry, and Irene, are playing a game of cards. At the start of the game, George has the Ace of Spades, Henry has the King of Hearts, and Irene has the Queen of Clubs. As the game progresses, they decide to switch cards. First, George and Irene switch cards. Then, Henry and George switch cards. Finally, Irene and Henry switch cards. At the end of the game, Henry has
Options:
(A) Ace of Spades
(B) King of Hearts
(C) Queen of Clubs

New instance 3:
Q: Three friends, Jake, Kate, and Luke, are playing a game of checkers. At the start of the game, Jake has the red pieces, Kate has the black pieces, and Luke has the white pieces. As the game progresses, they decide to switch pieces. First, Jake and Kate switch pieces. Then, Luke and Jake switch pieces. Finally, Kate and Luke switch pieces. At the end of the game, Luke has
Options:
(A) Red pieces
(B) Black pieces
(C) White pieces