Following is an example instance for the task: A task requiring determining the final positions of a set of objects given their initial positions and a description of a sequence of swaps. Please come up with 3 new , diverse, and creative instances for the task.
Example instance:
Q: Alice, Bob, and Claire are holding a white elephant gift exchange. At the start of the event, they are each holding a present of a different color: Alice has a blue present, Bob has a red present, and Claire has a green present.
As the event progresses, pairs of people swap gifts. First, Alice and Bob swap their gifts. Then, Claire and Bob swap their gifts. Finally, Alice and Claire swap their gifts. At the end of the event, Claire has the
Options:
(A) blue present
(B) red present
(C) green present

New instance 1:
Q: Three friends, John, Sarah, and David, are playing a game of rock-paper-scissors. At the start of the game, each player has a different colored token: John has a yellow token, Sarah has a blue token, and David has a red token.
As the game progresses, pairs of players swap tokens. First, John and Sarah swap their tokens. Then, David and Sarah swap their tokens. Finally, John and David swap their tokens. At the end of the game, David has the
Options:
(A) yellow token
(B) blue token
(C) red token

New instance 2:
Q: Three students, Alex, Emma, and Ryan, are playing a game of musical chairs. At the start of the game, each student has a different colored chair: Alex has a purple chair, Emma has a pink chair, and Ryan has an orange chair.
As the game progresses, pairs of students swap chairs. First, Alex and Emma swap their chairs. Then, Ryan and Emma swap their chairs. Finally, Alex and Ryan swap their chairs. At the end of the game, Ryan has the
Options:
(A) purple chair
(B) pink chair
(C) orange chair

New instance 3:
Q: Three siblings, Jack, Jill, and Sam, are playing a game of hide-and-seek. At the start of the game, each sibling has a different colored marker: Jack has a black marker, Jill has a white marker, and Sam has a green marker.
As the game progresses, pairs of siblings swap markers. First, Jack and Jill swap their markers. Then, Sam and Jill swap their markers. Finally, Jack and Sam swap their markers. At the end of the game, Sam has the
Options:
(A) black marker
(B) white marker
(C) green marker