Following is an example instance for the task: A task requiring determining the final positions of a set of objects given their initial positions and a description of a sequence of swaps. Please come up with 3 new , diverse, and creative instances for the task.
Example instance:
Q: Alice, Bob, and Claire are on the same team in a soccer match. At the start of the match, they are each assigned to a position: Alice is playing fullback, Bob is playing goalkeeper, and Claire is playing right winger.
As the game progresses, pairs of players occasionally swap positions. First, Claire and Bob trade positions. Then, Alice and Claire trade positions. Finally, Alice and Bob trade positions. At the end of the match, Claire is playing
Options:
(A) fullback
(B) goalkeeper
(C) right winger

New instance 1:
Q: Three students, John, Sarah, and David, are taking a test. At the start of the test, they are each assigned to a seat: John is in seat 1, Sarah is in seat 2, and David is in seat 3.
As the test progresses, pairs of students occasionally swap seats. First, Sarah and David trade seats. Then, John and Sarah trade seats. Finally, John and David trade seats. At the end of the test, Sarah is in
Options:
(A) seat 1
(B) seat 2
(C) seat 3

New instance 2:
Q: Three friends, Alex, Ryan, and Emma, are playing a board game. At the start of the game, they are each assigned to a piece: Alex is playing the knight, Ryan is playing the rook, and Emma is playing the bishop.
As the game progresses, pairs of players occasionally swap pieces. First, Emma and Ryan trade pieces. Then, Alex and Emma trade pieces. Finally, Alex and Ryan trade pieces. At the end of the game, Emma is playing
Options:
(A) knight
(B) rook
(C) bishop

New instance 3:
Q: Three chefs, Jack, Sam, and Mary, are competing in a cooking competition. At the start of the competition, they are each assigned to a station: Jack is at station 1, Sam is at station 2, and Mary is at station 3.
As the competition progresses, pairs of chefs occasionally swap stations. First, Mary and Sam trade stations. Then, Jack and Mary trade stations. Finally, Jack and Sam trade stations. At the end of the competition, Mary is at
Options:
(A) station 1
(B) station 2
(C) station 3