Following is an example instance for the task: A task requiring determining the final positions of a set of objects given their initial positions and a description of a sequence of swaps. Please come up with 3 new , diverse, and creative instances for the task.
Example instance:
Q: Alice, Bob, and Claire are on the same team in a soccer match. At the start of the match, they are each assigned to a position: Alice is playing cheerleader, Bob is playing benchwarmer, and Claire is playing left winger.
As the game progresses, pairs of players occasionally swap positions. First, Claire and Bob trade positions. Then, Claire and Alice trade positions. Finally, Claire and Bob trade positions. At the end of the match, Claire is playing
Options:
(A) cheerleader
(B) benchwarmer
(C) left winger

New instance 1:
Q: Three students, John, Sarah, and David, are taking a test. At the start of the test, they are each assigned to a seat: John is in seat 1, Sarah is in seat 2, and David is in seat 3.
As the test progresses, pairs of students occasionally swap seats. First, Sarah and David trade seats. Then, Sarah and John trade seats. Finally, Sarah and David trade seats. At the end of the test, Sarah is in
Options:
(A) seat 1
(B) seat 2
(C) seat 3

New instance 2:
Q: Three friends, Mark, Lisa, and Paul, are playing a board game. At the start of the game, they are each assigned to a piece: Mark is playing the knight, Lisa is playing the rook, and Paul is playing the bishop.
As the game progresses, pairs of players occasionally swap pieces. First, Lisa and Paul trade pieces. Then, Lisa and Mark trade pieces. Finally, Lisa and Paul trade pieces. At the end of the game, Lisa is playing
Options:
(A) knight
(B) rook
(C) bishop

New instance 3:
Q: Three chefs, Jack, Jill, and Sam, are competing in a cooking competition. At the start of the competition, they are each assigned to a station: Jack is at station 1, Jill is at station 2, and Sam is at station 3.
As the competition progresses, pairs of chefs occasionally swap stations. First, Jill and Sam trade stations. Then, Jill and Jack trade stations. Finally, Jill and Sam trade stations. At the end of the competition, Jill is at
Options:
(A) station 1
(B) station 2
(C) station 3