Following is an example instance for the task: A task requiring determining the final positions of a set of objects given their initial positions and a description of a sequence of swaps. Please come up with 3 new , diverse, and creative instances for the task.
Example instance:
Q: Alice, Bob, and Claire are holding a white elephant gift exchange. At the start of the event, they are each holding a present of a different color: Alice has a black ball, Bob has a purple present, and Claire has a blue present.
As the event progresses, pairs of people swap gifts. First, Claire and Alice swap their gifts. Then, Bob and Claire swap their gifts. Finally, Alice and Bob swap their gifts. At the end of the event, Claire has the
Options:
(A) black ball
(B) purple present
(C) blue present

New instance 1:
Q: Three friends, John, Sarah, and David, are playing a game of rock-paper-scissors. At the start of the game, each player has a different colored token: John has a red token, Sarah has a green token, and David has a blue token.
As the game progresses, pairs of players swap tokens. First, John and Sarah swap their tokens. Then, David and John swap their tokens. Finally, Sarah and David swap their tokens. At the end of the game, John has the
Options:
(A) red token
(B) green token
(C) blue token

New instance 2:
Q: Three students, Alex, Emma, and Ryan, are playing a game of musical chairs. At the start of the game, each student has a different colored chair: Alex has a yellow chair, Emma has a pink chair, and Ryan has a green chair.
As the game progresses, pairs of students swap chairs. First, Alex and Emma swap their chairs. Then, Ryan and Alex swap their chairs. Finally, Emma and Ryan swap their chairs. At the end of the game, Alex has the
Options:
(A) yellow chair
(B) pink chair
(C) green chair

New instance 3:
Q: Three siblings, Jack, Jill, and Sam, are playing a game of hide-and-seek. At the start of the game, each sibling has a different colored marker: Jack has a black marker, Jill has a white marker, and Sam has an orange marker.
As the game progresses, pairs of siblings swap markers. First, Jack and Jill swap their markers. Then, Sam and Jack swap their markers. Finally, Jill and Sam swap their markers. At the end of the game, Jack has the
Options:
(A) black marker
(B) white marker
(C) orange marker