Following is an example instance for the task: A task requiring determining the final positions of a set of objects given their initial positions and a description of a sequence of swaps. Please come up with 3 new , diverse, and creative instances for the task.
Example instance:
Q: Alice, Bob, and Claire are friends and avid readers who occasionally trade books. At the start of the semester, they each buy one new book: Alice gets Frankenstein, Bob gets The Odyssey, and Claire gets The Great Gatsby.
As the semester proceeds, they start trading around the new books. First, Alice and Claire swap books. Then, Alice and Bob swap books. Finally, Alice and Claire swap books. At the end of the semester, Claire has
Options:
(A) Frankenstein
(B) The Odyssey
(C) The Great Gatsby

New instance 1:
Q: Three friends, David, Emma, and Frank, are playing a game of chess. At the start of the game, David has the white pieces, Emma has the black pieces, and Frank has the red pieces. As the game progresses, they decide to switch pieces. First, David and Emma switch pieces. Then, David and Frank switch pieces. Finally, Emma and Frank switch pieces. At the end of the game, Frank has
Options:
(A) White pieces
(B) Black pieces
(C) Red pieces

New instance 2:
Q: Three friends, George, Henry, and Irene, are playing a game of cards. At the start of the game, George has the Ace of Spades, Henry has the King of Hearts, and Irene has the Queen of Clubs. As the game progresses, they decide to switch cards. First, George and Henry switch cards. Then, George and Irene switch cards. Finally, Henry and Irene switch cards. At the end of the game, Irene has
Options:
(A) Ace of Spades
(B) King of Hearts
(C) Queen of Clubs

New instance 3:
Q: Three friends, Jack, Karen, and Larry, are playing a game of checkers. At the start of the game, Jack has the red pieces, Karen has the black pieces, and Larry has the white pieces. As the game progresses, they decide to switch pieces. First, Jack and Karen switch pieces. Then, Jack and Larry switch pieces. Finally, Karen and Larry switch pieces. At the end of the game, Larry has
Options:
(A) Red pieces
(B) Black pieces
(C) White pieces