Following is an example instance for the task: A task requiring determining the final positions of a set of objects given their initial positions and a description of a sequence of swaps. Please come up with 3 new , diverse, and creative instances for the task.
Example instance:
Q: Alice, Bob, and Claire are on the same team in a soccer match. At the start of the match, they are each assigned to a position: Alice is playing left midfielder, Bob is playing right midfielder, and Claire is playing goalkeeper.
As the game progresses, pairs of players occasionally swap positions. First, Bob and Alice trade positions. Then, Alice and Claire trade positions. Finally, Bob and Alice trade positions. At the end of the match, Claire is playing
Options:
(A) left midfielder
(B) right midfielder
(C) goalkeeper

New instance 1:
Q: Three friends, John, Sarah, and David, are playing a game of chess. At the start of the game, John is playing white, Sarah is playing black, and David is playing green. As the game progresses, pairs of players occasionally swap colors. First, John and Sarah trade colors. Then, Sarah and David trade colors. Finally, John and Sarah trade colors. At the end of the game, David is playing
Options:
(A) white
(B) black
(C) green

New instance 2:
Q: Three students, Alex, Emma, and Ryan, are taking a test. At the start of the test, Alex is sitting in the front row, Emma is sitting in the middle row, and Ryan is sitting in the back row. As the test progresses, pairs of students occasionally swap seats. First, Alex and Emma trade seats. Then, Emma and Ryan trade seats. Finally, Alex and Emma trade seats. At the end of the test, Ryan is sitting
Options:
(A) in the front row
(B) in the middle row
(C) in the back row

New instance 3:
Q: Three siblings, Jack, Jill, and Sam, are playing a game of tag. At the start of the game, Jack is "it", Jill is running around the backyard, and Sam is hiding in the bushes. As the game progresses, pairs of players occasionally swap roles. First, Jack and Jill trade roles. Then, Jill and Sam trade roles. Finally, Jack and Jill trade roles. At the end of the game, Sam is
Options:
(A) "it"
(B) running around the backyard
(C) hiding in the bushes