Following is an example instance for the task: A task requiring determining the final positions of a set of objects given their initial positions and a description of a sequence of swaps. Please come up with 3 new , diverse, and creative instances for the task.
Example instance:
Q: Alice, Bob, and Claire are friends and avid readers who occasionally trade books. At the start of the semester, they each buy one new book: Alice gets Catch-22, Bob gets Moby Dick, and Claire gets The Great Gatsby.
As the semester proceeds, they start trading around the new books. First, Claire and Bob swap books. Then, Claire and Alice swap books. Finally, Bob and Claire swap books. At the end of the semester, Alice has
Options:
(A) Catch-22
(B) Moby Dick
(C) The Great Gatsby

New instance 1:
Q: Three friends, John, Sarah, and David, are playing a game of chess. At the start of the game, John has the white pieces, Sarah has the black pieces, and David has the red pieces. As the game progresses, they decide to switch pieces. First, John and Sarah swap pieces. Then, Sarah and David swap pieces. Finally, John and David swap pieces. At the end of the game, John has
Options:
(A) White pieces
(B) Black pieces
(C) Red pieces

New instance 2:
Q: Three friends, Mark, Rachel, and Tyler, are playing a game of cards. At the start of the game, Mark has the Ace of Spades, Rachel has the King of Hearts, and Tyler has the Queen of Clubs. As the game progresses, they decide to switch cards. First, Mark and Rachel swap cards. Then, Rachel and Tyler swap cards. Finally, Mark and Tyler swap cards. At the end of the game, Mark has
Options:
(A) Ace of Spades
(B) King of Hearts
(C) Queen of Clubs

New instance 3:
Q: Three friends, Alex, Emma, and Ryan, are playing a game of checkers. At the start of the game, Alex has the red pieces, Emma has the black pieces, and Ryan has the white pieces. As the game progresses, they decide to switch pieces. First, Alex and Emma swap pieces. Then, Emma and Ryan swap pieces. Finally, Alex and Ryan swap pieces. At the end of the game, Alex has
Options:
(A) Red pieces
(B) Black pieces
(C) White pieces